Great product, fast delivery I purchased this as a gift for my husband after smelling a sample from Macy's. Not only does it smell delicious, but it is almost half the price of Macy's and arrived two days later! I was 100% satisfied with this order.
Fragrance is amazing!, This fragrance is amazing! Very fresh and clean like Egoiste Platinum. Masterpiece :) Longevity is good (7-8h), but sillage is wonderful. must buy.
Mont Blanc Legend, Searched for the best price for this cologne for my husband's birthday and found it right here on Amazon. This is a nice, sexy smell that lingers. I was impressed how quickly it arrived in the mail as well. (within days)
awesome  If youre looking for a grown man smell I would certainly say that this is it. I highly recommend this
A simple MUST HAVE,  As a person who has acquired many colognes over the years (mostly from xmas), I can officially say, THIS IS MY SCENT! I havent been able to say that but once before (with Curve). But this is the best.
Awesome Scent,  Mont Blonc legend is one of my favorite cologne. It has a strong scent and stays on you for a long period of time. A person should try it or one will miss his life.
Fabulous !!!, this item came packaged beautifully....it was purchased for a gift and made a very good impression...the fragrance was subtle and classy - and the box and bottle look very high end....loved this product and it arrived very quickly !!!
A compliment getter When I first smelled this I liked it a lot, but didn't want to get it because it smelled somewhat similar to Abercrombie Fierce. However I ended up getting it anyway and I thoroughly enjoy the smell. Mont Blanc Legend by far has gotten me more compliments than any other cologne.
It is a fine cologne and a good addition to any collection, I have worn Chrome by Azzaro for years prior to this, however my nose became saturated. I went to Macy's to find a new cologne to wear, and this was the scent that stuck out the most. It is very aromatic and clean. I would say that the cologne lasts a moderate amount of time and the sillage is moderate as well.The top notes my nose picks up are lavender and bergamont, followed by a floral aromatic middle and sandalwood at the end. It is a fine cologne and a good addition to any collection. 5 stars are given to items that I find to be perfect for my lifestyle. I am still on the hunt for an all around favorite cologne and am new to the world of scents and aromatics so 4 stars for a great product!
I don't know what i have to say, In February I bought a bottle of this colony and found it excellent and smells so good, so I bought another one again but this time the bottle came defective as having been manipulated and fragrance smells of alcohol deeply, I was left with many doubts about whether it is original or is fake copy. I worry that Amazon sells these products and does not guarantee the legitimacy despite the description certifies that if is original. What a disappointment !!!!
Perfect Buy, Great Cologne . really does last along time and smelling great. Just wanted it messed like in Macys!!! I would recommend it.
Great Smell, This cologne is great, either to work or to go out. I am very glad my boyfriend purchased it. The price was very good and it's totally worth it. 
Different Scents for different bottle sizes. Which is 'real'?, I bought both the 1.7oz and 3.3oz on Amazon (sold by an fulfilled by Amazon). The 1.7oz had strong hints of spice and one spray could be smelt for 12+ hours. The 3.3oz has a much lighter and alcoholic scent and the eau de toilette is barely noticible after 2-3 hours. I'm not sure how to beware of 'fakes' when both are sold and shipped by Amazon. This is a disappointment as Amazon's other colognes are generally authentic and are 1/2 the price of the competition.
I love it. I bought this for my friend and it smells really good. He loves it and I'm happy he loves it.
Loves it., Loved the gift in every way. His girlfriend loves it as well. Shipping was spot on and it all worked out fantastic.
Awesome!!!, It is a stellar cologne . Definitely a good buy! You will not regret it.. A great deal. Really nice!
Awesomeness in a bottle,  This is such a great female attention grabber. Since i smelled it on maxim magazine i went and bought it on the spot.
Amaizing, I gifted this to my husband on his birthday and he really love it. Fragrance to fall in love with!
Simply must have, I've been searching all over for a new scent and finally I stumbled upon Montblanc Legend. I bought this cologne because it wasn't pricey and had great ratings on Amazon. It reminds me of an Abercrombie & Fitch scent but not as overbearing and it stays on for much longer than most other colognes. I've tried Versace, D&G, Giorgio Armani, and other various brands of colognes, but this one has easily become my favorite cologne. I will have to keep this one always in stock. You simply must have Montblanc Legend.
Great Scent  I bought this for me. My wife likes going to the mall & buying my crap they are spraying around... however this stays in my 3 bottle rotation. Buy it online and pay about 1/2 the price.
Smell like a strong gentlemen..., I smell like a man who did an analysis on commodities in the morning then lifted a car off of a flock of baby geese in the afternoon... The right blend of classy and rugged as hell…
"The best!,This cologne is great for anytime of the day. It smells very much like the Abercrombie & Fich's Fierce. You know, the one that smells so good in the malls. My wife is just crazy about it. So am I! LOL

The price is decent and I telling you, you WILL not regret it. Try it. You will like it"
"Not for me I heard very good things about this cologne and decided to try it. Within seconds of spraying it I got a serious headache from the fragrance. I am semi-susceptible to fragrance headaches and knew immediately this was not for me. I handed it to the first person I ran into as a gift. PLEASE NOTE: The seller was fantastic, their communication was incredible, the person I gave this to loves it. It just is not for me. I will still rate five stars based on their opinion of it and the service from the seller. Thanks!
"
"Not long lasting,  Though the scent is strong initially, it is wearing off pretty fast.
I had almost half a dozen sprays on body and clothing and the smell vanished just after an hour."
My dad's favorite!, Amazon is the best place to buy this, it is half the price of anywhere else. It is by far one of my dad's favorite cologne.
good that is so good,i love it, you need to worth it.yes,it is useful. good things, so far so good.okay! that's enough.
mont blanc cologne,  Good price but fragrance is very weak, and does not smell the same as I got from younkers VERY disappointed in it -Paul Loitz
The best perfume I have used, Just go easy on the number of sprays....2-3 are good enough to last for 7-8 hours…
Great Stuff, This smells great on and lasts a good amount of time. The sprayer is the best of my entire collection. I would highly recommend
DISAPPOINTED I purchased this after tried it in a deparment store , found it here in Amazon at a good discount but the smell is not even close as the one I tested in the store, it's away too weak , just goes away in a few minutes., I would go as far as said this is not an original product, and to make matter worse I purchased two of them, one for me and one for a gift. I asked my friend who I gave it to what he think about the cologne and he has very simliar comment. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT.
"It's ok..., It's smells very good.
Tottaly like wood notes, but it's note the kind of perfume that will mark you.
It last too little and it is really annoying for me, but remember: All in a perfume depends of the type of YOUR skin. The smells, quantity to use and durability can change, so I don't think internet reviews truly works for them."
"Similar to A&F ""Fierce"", I wanted cologne that smelled similar to Abercrombie & Fitch's ""Fierce"". After searching on the web, I found suggestions for this cologne.

This cologne is extremely similar to my memories of ""Fierce"". I would highly recommend to anyone who likes the smell of A&F ""Fierce""."
Great scent, arrived promptly, Great scent, arrived promptly, right price and most importantly....genuine, this stuff turns one of my fixed male cats into a dialated eyed, perverted love monster......he never wants to be touched and now I cant get him off lol heard about "obsession" doing that to cats, but damn....
No Smell, I purchased this fragrance due to price. I guess you get what you pay for. I sprayed on Legend and it was forgotten in one hour or less. I cannot detect any smell on me or my clothing. What is foul is that you cannot return it. Warning, Be careful!!!!!
poor quality bottle, Smells great but the packaging and bottle need work. Mine arrived with a leak around the nozzle so my entire package smelled like a frat boy. Also, the chrome top piece is loose and comes apart every time you take the cap off.
I purchased the mont blanc legend for my husband because he love it. And the quality is so poor.. the parfume last not more than an hour. I bought same one from another place before and it was lasting all day.. disappointed.
previously purchased this cologne at a major dept store. Amazon price was a lot lower. But for some reason it doesn't last, smell fades quickly. Almost get the impression its watered down. Delivery was prompt.
Great smelling cologne,  Love it. My girlfriend loves it as well. Get lots of complements everywhere I go. My ex-wife even had something good to say about it.
"Surprisingly good fragrance,  If Burberry for Men and Polo Black were to have a child, it would be Mont Blanc Legend. Legend's fragrance is mature, sophisticated, and not overpowering. The fragrance quickly dries to a discreet skin scent making this fragrance ideal for either a night out, or for the workplace. Longevity is slightly above average on my skin; about 6-8 hours.

Legend has the fruity opening of Polo Black along with the Bergamot/Mint top notes of Burberry for Men. I find Legend can be used in all seasons. Legend's fragrance is masculine, upscale, and mature. Legend's scent is not avant-garde, nor is it unisex, with sandalwood, lavendar, pineapple and rose middle notes and oak moss and tonka bean base notes. It's just a good quality, well balanced, long lasting, masculine scent. Legend reminds me of Carolina Herrera's 212 VIP, without VIP's loud, peppery edginess.

Legend is a welcome addition to my fragrance repertoire. The fragrance came new in it's sealed, original box. Shipping was prompt."
Fake product, Mont Blanc if it's original I'm sure it will be good but this one I used ,I don't like it because I thought its original .
Best scent ever!, I tried this out in a retail store and knew that it was right for me. I'll be using this for a long time!
it was sooooooo fakeeeee,  It was fake. And I never thought i would've ever gotten something fake like this very dissatisfied with the product
I compared smell of one that I got with another one at Macy's and their smell was totally different,
"Nice scent! You'll be satisfied with this cologne!, I bought this as a gift and just love the way is smells. It is not overpowering however I would say that it dissipates and probably would need a reapplication later in the evening if going out. But of course it's not necessary to do. I would be nice if the Mont Blanc is more liberal in providing samples as I had a hard time finding one and would've like to have the person try it before purchasing an entire bottle. I choose to purchase the bottle anyways since I loved the scent so much.

Also, Amazon has a good price on the 1oz size. Go ahead and purchase it, you'll be happy you did."
"Its fake!  purchased this after tried it in a department store, then found it here in Amazon at a good discount but the smell is not even close as the one I tested in the store, it's away too weak , just goes away in a few minutes.

At first I thought was original, nice bottle and box; but the smell said the opposite.

If you only need it for one hour then buy it, otherwise get it from another seller."
Prepare to be noticed., Very nice year round scent, masculine no floral or ambiguous notes. I've gotten many compliments with this scent from coworkers and strangers alike. Great price compared to brick and mortar retailers. I like to rotate my collection for the seasons and this is a keeper. Strong staying power 10+ hours but not too overpowering when you put it on. Unique, for reference some other fragrances I enjoy are Kenneth Cole Vintage Black, Nautica Voyage, Pleasures, Reaction, Chrome, Diesel for life.
"This scent is great -- a mix of musky woodsy and crisp clean, and the scent lasts for a good period of time. Cologne is a personal choice, so I cannot overly vouch for the appeal it will have for someone else. But, many people have commented to me that they like this one when worn.

I had considered buying this cologne since it debuted, but I waited and finally came back around to get it. The price is fantastic compared to a retail store, so I figured I would give it a try."
"Super fast delivery, great cologne, Received the package about 24 hours after I ordered it! Fastest deliver ever!

The actual cologne itself is reminiscent of Fierce by Abercrombie, but a little less in-your-face, coming out as a fragrance that will work for most age groups in most situations. The particular bottle I purchased, the 1.0 oz, is still pretty strong, and one or two sprays will be enough for most people. I expect it to last for several hours. I'll update if it doesn't.

One note: I'm not one who's sensitive to fragrances (heck, I've already got four other colognes that are almost full still), but about an hour into wearing this, I'm beginning to get a headache from it. It's nice, but pretty strong-smelling.

Update: 4 hours later and it's still going strong. One extremely odd side effect is that it has made me feel terribly hungry since I put it on. It's the weirdest thing.

Final verdict: It's 24 hours later and though I've showered, the smell still lingers noticeably well on my clothes, relatively unchanged from the original spray fragrance, though toned down. I'd definitely buy this fragrance again from Amazon."
One Star, Waste my money is like water need spray too much to smell
"Excellent Results My doctor recommended the I begin taking Omega 3 Fish oil supplements along with my Daily multivitamin as an aid to improving my blood pressure and to lower my cholesterol. After reading up on the various brands I purchased the Dr. Tobias's Omega 3 Fish oil supplements and have been very pleased with the results. Not only has my blood pressure dropped to near normal levels combined with an active cardio workout schedule but I have noticed an improvement in the amount of pain and stiffness I experience daily from my Lupus/fibromyalgia symptoms.

I have heard that a lot of fish oil supplements can leave a ""fishy"" aftertaste but the coating on the Dr. Tobias fish oil capsules appear to have prevented that problem. In addition, the costing makes the capsules easy to swallow (unlike my daily multivitamin). All and all, this product has proved to be a useful tool in my fight to return to my optimum health."
"Comparison Dr. Tobias - Nutrigold This is a comparison between Dr. Tobias Optimum Omega 3 and another brand, Nutrigold Triple Strength Fish Oil Omega-3 Gold. I do this comparison review because I have taken both brands and Dr. Tobias is a newer brand on the market, so this might help.

The beneficial ingredients in fish oil products are mainly the omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA.

EPA stands for eicosapentaenoic acid. DHA stands for docosahexaenoic acid.

First, as a summary, my personal opinion. Further down the facts.

I think Dr. Tobias is a very good product. I like the high dosage of EPA and especially DHA and the interesting additional free bonus of health videos (mainly yoga). It is a great idea to support an active life style this way.

All in all, I think this product does very well in comparison to other high quality products like Nutrigold.

I like that they use molecular distillation (something that Nutrigold also uses).

Another plus of Dr. Tobias omega 3 is the use of enteric coating. The enteric coating has two benefits: no fishy aftertaste (""fish burps"") and a better absorption of the omega 3 by the body, in the small intestine, than products that do not have an enteric coating. With Nutrigold (no enteric coating), I have had some fishy burps sometimes. Also, the capsules of Dr. Tobias are smaller than the ones from Nutrigold. The serving size is two though.

Here the facts.
------
Dr Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil Pills - Essential Fatty Acids - EPA DHA Fish Oil Capsules - Omega 3 Supplements For Women, Men, Kids - 2000 mg Fish Oil per Serving with 1400 mg Essential Fatty Acid - Triple Strength - Burpless Softgels - Optimal Potency - Money Back Guarantee - Health Bonus Videos

180 capsules
$43.77
Cost per capsule: $.24
Serving size: 2 capsules
Total Omega 3 per serving: 1400mg
EPA per serving size: 800mg
DHA per serving size: 600mg
Percentage of Omega 3: 70%
Molecular Distillation
Enteric coating
No GMO
Tested for mercury, toxins, PCB and below detectable limits
IFOS*: Not yet rated
Ethyl Esters
Manufactured in the USA

Ingredients:
- Pharmaceutical grade purified fish oil (from sardines),
- Gelatin,
- Vegetable glycerin,
- Food glaze,
- Purified water,
- Vitamin E,
- HPMC,
- Enteric coating.

Contains soy.
I asked what the soy is used for. Here is the response of the company:
""There is soy because of the natural vitamin E that is used as a stabilizer.""
How much is in it?
""It is such a small amount that it used to not be required for us to list the allergy warning on the label.""

-------------

Nutrigold Triple Strength Fish Oil Omega-3 Gold

180 capsules
$35.28
Cost per capsule: $.20
Serving size: 1 capsule (1250mg)
Total Omega 3 per serving: 1060mg
EPA per serving: 750mg
DHA per serving: 250mg
Other Omega 3 per serving: 60mg
Percentage of Omega 3: 85%
Molecularly distilled
No Enteric coating
No GMO
Mercury free
IFOS*: five stars
Ethyl Esters
Manufactured in the US

Ingredients:
- Pharmaceutical grade purified fish oil
- Softgel capsule
- Bovine gelatin
- Vegetable glycerin
- Purified water
- Tocopherols

Contains soy derivative, further processed in order to remove the soy protein

----

*IFOS stands for ""International Fish Oil Standards Program"". The IFOS Program is a third party testing and certification program for omega-3 fish oils. They give a 5-star rating for each product with at least 60% concentration of EPA and DHA.

----------------

To conclude, I give Dr. Tobias 5 stars. They are molecularly distilled, have enteric coating and high dosage, especially DHA. No fishy burps. In comparison, I would rate Nutrigold slightly lower, at 4.5 stars, because of their fish burps and the lower DHA content."
Dr. Tobias fish oil pills Dr. Tobias fish oil pills are amazing! They don't stick together like most versions of Omega's and they go down easier. Being paleo, I have been eating an anti-inflammatory diet for a couple of years now. Omega 3's are essential to balance the body and reduce inflammation but it's difficult to get a good dosage of them without taking a supplement. These are the best quality Omega3 fish oil pills I have tried and highly recommend this brand.
"AMAZING I have only been using this product for couple of weeks so I cannot comment on the long term effects/ benefits.
There is no fishy aftertaste, the pill is easy to swallow, my skin looks more radiant, and I def feel more energetic after taking the Omega 3. The product arrived on time, thank you Dr. Tobias!
"
"Noticing cognitive improvements I began taking store brand fish oil last year to lower my cholesterol, in addition to watching my saturated fat intake; fish oil helped me lower my total numbers by 65 points. That's quite an improvement. After researching other ways to lower cholesterol, I stumbled across the Dr. Oz article about minimum DHA and EPA daily dietary suggestions, the same numbers found in Dr. Tobias' formula.

I have faithfully taken fish oil everyday for the last year so I went ahead and ordered a year supply of this brand - with the discount, it equaled out to a little over what I would have normally spent but my store brand didn't carry the EPA and DHA amounts found in this formula.

After taking this fish oil now for just over a month, I am able to tell a cognitive improvement. For example, when my professor says ""you need to write this down"" I am able to appropriately recall what she has said (however long-winded) without having to ask anyone else if they got it all, or (heaven forbid) ask her to repeat it. It's like I can actually hear her saying it over again in my head, I know that sounds schizoid but that's the best way I can explain it. Something else I have noticed is that I don't ""word-search"" in conversation nearly as much; I get out what I am trying to say without too many ""uhh's, umm's, and what's-it-called's.""

As far as my cholesterol goes, I won't know what impact this formula has had until July 2014 when I have my blood work done again. I'll come back and edit this if I can. All in all, this fish oil has benefited me above and beyond what was expected and this will be my brand of choice when order time comes again."
My own clinical lab reports confirm my absolute satisfaction!!! I've been using Dr. Tobias’s brand Optimum Omega 3 Fish Oil formula and I'm strongly impressed with the results. I can't be happier, because I had no digestive side-effects at all! I've been using this type of formula previously, and have noticed a significant improvement on my clinical lab reports in regard to HDL levels!!! The product arrived quickly and in great shape. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT to anyone looking for good health. Thanks Dr. Tobias.
Product arrived promptly and is what I ordered. Sorry to say I have not noticed anything different with taking this brand than other brand in the past.
My only concern is that their coating is not strong enought to hide the fish taste when you put it in your mouth.
"Good product., Thank You.
Good product."
Great product,
it works! I must say that this product works very well, I can tell the difference in my skin and have even noticed a difference in clarity of mindset as well.
i have only been taking the pills for a few days but wanated to report in on the quality of the packaging plus their customer service has been fantastic. It seems to be dealing with a very "care about the quality of ouirproduct combined with the happiness of our customer". So far, really good. will report in later on the benefits I receive from this product. arrival time was great too.
I love that these Fish Oil Pills are true to saying no fishy aftertaste. I've been through so many different brands that have promised that and after taking them I'd have to brush my teeth.
great product  I was a little bit nervous about these pills due to the fact I tried other fish oil pills and they made me burn fishy taste. These are awesome no fishy after taste , easy to take, definitely will buy again 
"WHAT IS YOUR ENTERIC COATING MADE OF?!?! BUYER BEWARE Buyer beware! Dr. Tobias I doubt you are even a real MD. (just by checking out your stock image facebook page profile pics) I inquired about the enteric coating on these capsules and this shop will not get back to me explaining what sort of coating they use. I'm fearful I may be swallowing plastic. I don't know how they get away with labeling like this. Would not recommend. I don't care what kind of pure oil you use if I'm eating plastic what is the point? How dare you mislead people.

[...]
[...]"
Like many others have said This product arrived in a timely manner. Like many others have said, these pills don't stick together like other brands do and there's no fishy after taste. For big pills, they are very easy to swallow. As for my blood pressure, I just graduated college and started a new job, before taking fish oil, my blood pressure was pretty high, but now it's in the 110-120, systolic, which is great. I will definitely be buying more!
Five Stars, Great! No fishy taste or burps. After trying a few brands, I finally found the right one!
Say No to Lovaza, Perfect replacement for Lovaza at one tenth the price. I'm on Medicare and a very limited fixed income. Medicare does not cover Lovaza and sixty one gram capsules cost ~$300 at Walgreens. Dr Tobias' Fish Oil has 99% of the ingredients of Lovaza for $33. What more can I say except that your Doctor gets samples of almost all the expensive meds that he/she prescribes. Don't be to proud to ask for them....
Good fish oil pills, Good quality and have been taking for two weeks. I am taking 1 cap per day, I do feel rejuvenated and driven, I think there are better brands out there, but this definitely isn't bad. I recommend this
I like it because it doesn't have that fish taste later on in the day, plus you can't beat the price,
Exactly what I needed
Fantastic, Fantastic product. Will definitely recommend to family and friends. Thank you for putting such care and detail into your work.
Feel good but I haven't felt the full effect as yet,
"pleased. Only other question, This product was purchased for my wife.

We typically purchase most products from Nordic Naturals or Carlson.

Personally, I am not a big fan of personalities who associate their names with products and I do understand why it is done.

I have found many products endorsed by 'personalities' tend to be of mediocre quality.

The EPA/DHA ratio, for whatever reason, is equal.

Typically, the ratio is 2 to 1.

Why was that done? Not a big deal.

As with any natural product, it can take at least a month to notice benefits.

The quality of fish oils as with any nutritional product can very widely.

This product was determined to be the most 'bang for the buck.' so to speak.

Overall, pleased.

Only other question: ""Is there a 3-6-9 formula?""

Would we order the product again, yes, and we would recommend it.

I would further state as an unbiased reviewer that properly processed oils are not inexpensive and purchasing 'cheap' oils from

wherever, even many health food stores, can be a huge waste of money.

One can over-pay as well.

Gary McCarthy"
Great quality, great price, great product. You can get cheaper fish oils but most require several servings to match the same DHA/EPA quantities.
Best on the market!, Super fast delivery of a great, well priced item! Will order again!
These work, I got these to replace the prescription that i was given, but it was messing with my stomach. These work and don't give me the bubble guts!
Excellent product, I highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking to take control of their health. Thank you Dr. Tobias for your awesome product's and excellent customer services.
Awesome pills. My Dr. Recommended i take 3000 mg a day to help lower my cholesterol and I found these. I take two a day which is 2800 mg and on my next checkup my levels improved to normal. These are slimmer than other fish oil caps I have taken and that makes them easier to swallow. Absolutely no aftertaste either. I would have given them five stars but they are a bit pricey for my budget. Three of us take them in my family. My son takes them too to help with his adhd.
Good item and service, The item is good and the service of seller is good
Great product, everything I expected.
Very good product. I like the fact that it is burpless. I will continue taking this brand.
Five Stars REALLY improved my health!
so good so far
Very good product--no fishy after taste.
I have only been taking the fish oil pills for a few weeks but so far everything is good. The pills are big but they go down smooth. Most importantly there is no fishy smell or fishy after taste.
Best Fish Oil Available without Prescription I was able to replace an expensive prescription medication (highly refined fish oil) with this product after doing some research about the actual contents of all the fish oils on the market and settling on Dr. Tobias' brand. Contents of this product were the highest levels of omega fatty acids in each serving (1,400mg Omega 3 Fatty Acids: 600mg DHA + 800 mg EPA per Serving). Will buy again.
Great product. No fishy after taste, 
Excellent product - very smooth and clean, and probably the best I have ever taken. I have no nasty taste/smell or otherwise. I will never switch to another product. I used to use Costco's Omega product.
Seems like a good product,  however I contacted them twice regarding whether their product contained phthalates and they never gave me an answer, seems kind of...fishy. I'll see myself out.
Best supplement I've ever taken. I tried fish oil a few years ago and the side effects I experienced just made it intolerable. Recently my doctor advised me to try again in order to help lower my cholesterol. She suggested I get a different brand this time. I did my research and the Dr. Tobias Omega 3 got high marks in every consumer review I read. I ordered mine from Amazon and after one month I was astonished at the results. There were no adverse effects and most importantly my joints felt like they did 20 years ago. I've taken supplements in the past specifically for joint health that did not work as well as the Dr. Tobias Omega 3. Time will tell if it also helps lower my cholesterol.
This product is really good for the money ... I've already been using it for almost a month and I feel a totally different person ! I take it twice a day and its really good for the brain ! It does not leave any after smell in the mouth its like something I've never seen !
Recommended, Great Product.
Obviously a superior product compared to the Omega3 product I was using. Much easier on my stomach. No fishy, burpy, cat breath after taking. I will purchase again.
"Life saver / Money saver,  Had a huge impact on my blood numbers.
My Cardio prescribed the expensive prescription fish oil but it wasn't covered so after a lot of looking I found this.
It's appears this stuff is every bit a good as the prescription at a fraction of the cost.
My pharmacy wants over $200 a month for the prescription fish oil."
Excellent product and prompt delivery. Thank you!
Excellent customer service, quick efficient and eager to please. Very satisfied with this product!
When my doctor recommended that I eat fish, I told her that would never happen. I completely hate the taste of fish. She then suggested an Omega 3 supplement and said that I may experience where the flavor burps back up. YUCK!! I did some online research and found good reviews from Dr. Tobias. These are great. I get the benefits of Omega 3 and I've never once tasted anything fishy at all - ever. If I did, trust me when I say I'd never ever take it again. My bottle is almost gone and I'll be reordering soon.
"Really don't know what to make of it. Sizes are fairly big, but no fishy taste.

As for health benefits.... hard to say... how do i measure?"
Good Product But Could Not Tell It Was Better than any Other on the Market, I may not be best vitamin reviewer... I take them as directed but to tell the truth I do not feel any different. My husband and I look at them as more of an insurance policy than anything else. Is this product better that anything else - well not that we have been able to tell. I may reorder may not. I'll run a price check with what is on the shelf in the grocery and see if it has similar ingredients. With that said - based on recent studies it does appear to be important to take a supplement in this arena and I found nothing wrong with this product. As usual for us however we just didn't see firework go off and any major changes health wise.
"I am pleased with my new 7D II. Most of the improvements, over the 7D, may be incremental, but they seem to exceed their sum total, in my opinion. There is nothing incremental about a second card slot, or being able to AF with my EF400/5.6L + Extender 1.4X III. Previously, the cost of the latter was the price, weight, and bulk of a 1D/1Ds-series body.

I am not anti-Sony, and perhaps a Sony can beat the 7D II in some ways, while costing less, but can a Sony readily accept, and fully function with, my primary work-horse lens, the EF 100mm 2.8L Macro IS, Canon Macro Ringlite, 580EX II, and 600EX-RT? Buying a Sony is easy, but building a new selection of lenses, flash, and accessories can be quite a task.

For what is is worth, the P&S camera that preceded my DSLRs was a quite like-able Sony. Had Sony offered a more-complete, mature DSLR system at the time, I might have followed the Sony path.

The 7D II is a good addition to my ""team,"" priced right, the same as the 7D in 2009."
Nobody has claimed that the 7D mk ii CAN'T handle landscape photography. It's more suited toward wildlife and sports due to its speed. Because of the comparatively lesser base ISO dynamic range, there are other cameras better suited for landscape / portrait photography. In other words, it's not a piece of crap at landscape photography. There are just other cameras that could do it better, and to be frank - the difference is virtually unnoticeable without pixel peeping to death and/or applying some computer software algorithm to the thing to analyze the dynamic range. If all you ever shoot is landscape, then you don't need this camera. You'd be paying for features you never use.
Search Gary fong A6000 vs 7DM2 on YouTube guys and gals. You will be surprised with what the results are. And yes Gary is a Sony Artisan. But he's not the first to test the AF abilities of this $600 camera. The guys at Cameralabs shot the tour of de France with A6000 + FE 70-200mm. Their hit rates were high as well. The days of DSLR AF being superior to mirrorless is numbered.
Comparing a $600 lower end consumer mirrorless to a Canon 7D MKII is kind of pointless. When you have much more capable mirrorless cameras that are much closer to the Canon's focusing ability.
Overpriced, not even half as good as the Sony A77m2!
Bought the Sony A77m2 instead for nearly half the price, many more features and better image quality.
I don't see it as over priced. if you can't afford it, don't buy it.
Used the camera (with 70-200 II) at -24 Celsius, approx. for 1 1/2-2 hours. No issues to report.
Noiseless, I like the shot especially those with the bird in between tree branches and water drops. Very clear. Thanks for sharing.
Very much appreciated. Steve
lol, you pics are awesome. I like the eagles when they land w/ their talons in full 'im gonna rip whatever i land on's face off' ... lol.
Very nice shots indeed noiseless, the colors, details, etc are superb, although my camera is a Panasonic FZ1000 i am still a Canon fan having used many models since the brilliant 20D, so when a new Canon comes along i always like to have a look at pictures from it, well done sir.
I don't believe that I've ever made a comment about DPR sample photos before. In looking at the 7D2 set, it took me a while to find the focus point for most of the ones with people in them: it seemed to me that the focus point was almost always somewhere other than on a person's face. Did anyone else see the same thing? I don't remember running into that with any other DPR sample set from a DSLR or mirrorless "enthusiast" camera. Otherwise, the 7D2 looks pretty good for someone who wants a C sensor (like me, who would prefer to limit supertelephoto weight). No camera is perfect.
This camera is about 3 years late, and not surprisingly it feels like it could have been Canon's flagship 3 years ago. I'm ready for the Mark III.
"Autofocus is the best even today.

Sensor not that good in DR, that's all you can reasonably complain about. As for that, nothing can beat film yet."
"Doesn't seem like DP can review in unbiased way, unfortunately. Check D750 review where they talk about autofocus. Inferior autofocus is described as almost superior. And in very minor case it is. When you have low light, but not too low, and you don't use central point. Then it's better. The key here is it's in a very small EV interval, not using central focus point, and with harp horizontal lines (because D750 doesn't have cross type detectors, which isn't that important in real life as there are plenty of horizontal lines, as we all know). In this minor case it's better. DP even went as far as to add the whole sentence ""Nice."" to emphasis how important it is. Which actually show only personal bias, and that they learn from dxo how to creatively put weights on multiple factors.

PS: Looks like this case wasn't even tested. Just based on specifications ""expect the D750 to slightly outperform its siblings. Nice."" Is it really ""Nice"" ?"
Tried the camera the other day and as far as video is concerned they might as well not have bothered at all!
You can always add wifi with external SD card that feature wifi Chip, as EyeFi, Toshiba, etc. I use the 32Gb toshiba and works perfectly.
Well I agree, But if that is your priority over other features then get another camera with WiFi.
Fair enough. :)
It wasn't marked down because it's complex, it was marked down because, unlike 3DAF, it needs all those options to allow you to to deal with a wide range of shooting scenarios. It was also marked down because it doesn't work as well (yet).
^ i can imagine, by half the comments on here, you would think that many posters were paid by the companies they constantly speak of and defend/ there seems to be serial offenders too lol/
1000 plus comments. For an "inferior" camera, it sure has quite a passionate following.
@audiobomber - There is plenty proof that they do not a single thing to detect pre-processing of the RAW, else they would have cried cassandra about the lossy compression scheme in almost all Sony cameras, the black value clipping of the Nikon sensors... Sorry, that's a big fail on DxO side...
How CAN you give to this camera a lower score in video mode than the Sony SLT-A99 when the SLT Autofocus is not even compatible with manual exposure control in video mode. On the Sony the camera's AF system can only be used in Program mode, where - if you've also selected Auto ISO - your exposure control is limited to exposure compensation of +/-2 EV. no magnified live view and no histogram on the SLT.
Maybe because the quality is very good. And it has focus peaking to allow for easy manual focus. Another feature Canon left off.
"I agree with you about quality, the SLT is a full frame camera, and i know that de 7d mark II is not perfect in video mode, but the video mode is getting better not worst than the original 7D... Canon has brought several improvements and tools for the videographer it seems that this review is not considering this at all...

How can they give such a low rating for the video mode when the camera goes beyond multiple camera in video mode. For me this is just not reprentative and incomprehensible."
"
    It's not a test it's an illustration of our findings in the field
    Have you ever photographed people using a very wide aperture? They tend to move, making it challenging to nail the focus on the eye. This is no different to the illustration we used.
    Other cameras such as the nikon d750 and canon's own 1dx do this a lot better. Not all challenging AF situations involve flying birds or sports... Ask any wedding photographer, or anyone photographing young kids.

"
At least in the current writeup you didn't mention which case you were using or if you customized it (because your abuse of the system as focusing/recompose crutch requires other behaviour than tracking a moving sports car or a track runner or any number of wildlife) - and since the focusing points are bigger (relative to the frame) to expect the same small area focusing ability on the 7DII as a full frame is a fallacy to begin with. I would have expected far more diligence from you as a reviewers...
This review blow my mind too. Just compare the video mode score between the 7d and the 7d mark ii this is ridiculous. How can you explain this huge score drop with so many improvement on the 7d mark ii for the videographer. This is completely absurd. How do you do that, i can't believe it, it is so diapointing. Please Canon stop to give tools and stop to be so Nice with videographers cos more you give less you get here...
"This review is blowing my mind!

Canon 7d MkII:
84% Silver award

Pentax K3:
83% Gold award

I don't even…"
The biggest problem with this camera is its sensor, will it be relevant 2-5 yrs down the road since it'll probably take Canon that long to get an update out the door. With today's sensor technology its becoming hard to accept this sensor. It's probably best to sit and wait before buying this camera, Canon might do a refresh next year with a new sensor. Or till the price drops. As it stands it's a tough sell.
The longer you wait - the better cameras become. The best selection will be at your very last breath. The problem with that is the time you are loosing. Don't wait, get a good camera today and take pictures. They matter, camera not that much.
Enough of this poor sensor nonsense. It does just fine for what is designed for, future improvements in sensor tech are going to be small anyway unless we have breakthroughs. In mid-high iso range, which is what people will use this camera for anyway, is just as good as any other. People keeping on beating this dead horse have nothing to do or write. Just feeling good about bashin'
Perhaps Canon should consult with Sony, and perhaps produce the next Canon iteration as the 7D MK3 with say, a Sony Sensor, they are the new leaders in this field!
When confused between Canon or Nikon.. buy Sony. :) Sony sensor with FPS and buffer of the Canon and only $899 ;)
"""I just don't know what to do."" ..

Just stop buying cameras, go out and take pictures; .. try to set your OWN opinion on your equipment :))"
Thanks for the in-depth review DPR. The 7D MKII really makes sense for me, currently being a T2i user and invested in several Canon lenses.. Much of my photography is outdoors shooting wildlife in sometimes less than ideal weather and light. Accurate and sensitive AF especially for BIF, good Hi ISO performance, serious weather resistance and pro-level build quality and a big RAW buffer click nearly every box of upgrades I could want. The new sensor tech available is amazing as your Nikon D750 video demonstrated, so please keep up the good work.
I would be a big surprise if one of the best DSLRs didn't destroy _every_ mirrorless in af tracking, nx1 including. (they all do)
Canon has great lenses and cameras but trail in sensor tech. The "old" Nikon D7000 beats it badly in exposure latitude. That is a big advantage in my book.
This cam is designed for shooting 90% of the time not at base iso, where the D7000 has no advantage in IQ. It even loses out in resolution.
just what does "optional" mean for wifi? I would very much like this camera but do want GPS and wifi to be able to control the camera from an Android device.
wow... canon nailed it... a WiFi accessory for the price of a good laptop... or a good camera with wifi included... yes... totally makes sense...
" shhhh... if there ever were as contentious a topic as brand loyalty, it'd be the whole film vs. digital debate. :)

But, yeah, DxO settled this some time back in this paper.

Their paper even hints at the source of the massive differences in opinion: acceptable SNR. And points to the fact that negative film & digital have to be exposed completely differently. Negative film's rolloff (log response) means you can push exposure quite a bit to help shadow SNR. You have to do pretty much the opposite w/ digital.

But even when you expose both formats 'properly' (negative for the shadows up until highlights aren't so overly compressed as to be indistinguishable; digital for the highlights), DSLRs have more dynamic range.

I'd love to do a set of studies here at DPR to settle this debate... but something tells me it wouldn't really settle anything.
"
I am a long time Nikon user and former full time wildlife photographer (I still shoot wildlife "professionally" but only to maintain a stock library that provides some residual income) I really appreciate this camera. I don't have one and shoot instead with a D7100 (I know, small buffer, but I don't need a big buffer. When I had it, I didn't really use it. I still shoot wildlife like I shot with film so very short bursts) Regardless, I like the quality, but would love to have a body like this Canon. I can imagine mating this with their new 400mm primes / TCs and getting a relatively lightweight wildlife machine. I hope Nikon matches it!
"iTR struggles to accurately track moving subjects, especially fast ones" I have found exactly the opposite - its fast and spot on in half a heartbeat! Are the reviewers used to taking BIF pictures? Love this beast already!
Much as I love Ange (in fact we used to work together) that does rest on a few assumptions. I was told by Canon engineers that the only reason for WiFi being omitted in the 7D Mark II was that it just wasn't technically feasible to get it (or rather fit it) into that body design. Personally I doubt whether it was a straightforward 'either or' decision. But who knows? Maybe it was.
This review keeps getting bumped to the top of the "news" list. Maybe the moderators are hoping for 1,000 posts of hate & envy?
good grief guys (dpreview as well as others) - i can't believe what i'm reading. pro grade camera with 10fps, fantastic autofocus, built like a tank, unprecedented weather sealing, and a silver award? compared to what? given the continued absence of a nikon d400, it's literally the only camera in this category ...
"Why is it whenever someone makes a scene example of why DR matters, it's always a scene where bracketing could have been easily used? Is this an infomercial where people can't even use a normal spoon in their cereal without burning down their kitchen? lol

1. Bracketing can be used even with things moving fast through the frame. It's very easy to fix in photoshop without artifacts. The 7D2 is a fast machine that can bracket like a bat out of hell. It also has quick 2 shot bracketing.

2. Since when does having the Sun much darker than the shadows ever look good? Pushing shadows often results in bad taste long before bad shadows, regardless of sensor brand.

3. Shots taken at ISO 100 need to be processed as two different output files and then recombined in post for a good result. Pushing shadows over 3 stops while retaining highlights is going to force the software into HDR tone mapping mode, which equals HDR type artifacts and halos from dark to light transitions, which is crap."
perhaps one must not miss the point here. my bulkiest camera is a Nikon D4S but during my visit to St. Petersburg which is where I am at the moment, I picked up a Samsung NX mini for the equivalent of 205 Euro. It fits in my winter jacket pocket easily and as I feel that the most significant pictures are the ones I actually take, this camera is as easy to carry around as much as a smartphone. I've taken more pictures these last couple of days with it than I usually do as I simply take it out and snap. It's not to pixel peek or shoot at high ISO. The buzz here is portability and better image quality than a compact. Having said that, there's nothing to really complain about. I love it!
I think Samsung should make a smartphone out of it. Ditch the folding display and we have the world's first interchangeable lens smartphone. Galaxy NX!
Nice camera but at $400.00 Retail too rich for my conversion.
Well. Sorry guys but the RAW files are excellent for processing. I shoot photojournalism on occasion with it for major nyc weekly papers( not selfies) and no editor has ever complained. It is not FF RAW granted but the files are fine. The 17mm 1.8 is very sharp. For the intended marketed audience ( basically teens taking selfies for online posting) the camera is more than fine...a step up from a smartphone. It's unfair to say its not great for enthusiasts wanting manual control. Not the intended audience. Not by a long shot.
it's certainly a fair point that it isn't aimed at enthusiasts (though, importantly, this website writes for an enthusiast audience), but I think it's also pretty hard to get teenagers to buy a $450 selfie camera when they have their phones already.
I disagree. RAW files in Lightroom look like melted candle wax has been poured over. I am hoping Irident developer will disable the baked in nr.
"olypan:

There are different settings for noise reduction in raw, even if set to off NR engages a tiny bit starting at about ISO 1600, but it is slight. And not at all pronounced until above ISO 3200.

So what was raw NR set to?"
One good reason to make 1/1.7" sensors is the Olympus Stylus 1 camera. No hope to make such a "small" camera (although not pocketable) featuring a 28-300mm-equivalent zoom lens with constant F1:2.8 aperture and a 1" sensor...
As others are saying, the highly processed 'raw' files are a big disappointment. Suggests the sensor isn't up to it.
I wanted to buy a good compact and quickly ended up in the discussion Sony vs Canon. I am not a photo expert, but I do like to fiddle with commands and wanted to learn more about the technicalities of taking pictures. And, it had to be a pocketable machine. I agonized at it and ended up buying the Canon. The picture quality is amazing. It shoots really well under low-light conditions. The commands are easy to change. It reacts fast to auto-focus. I thought the touch screen wasn't that relevant but now I just love it, especially to select focus area and chose settings quick. That feature would make me today prefer the Canon over the Sony. The titlable screen is also great. Minus: It is difficult to manually focus on the manual settings (which I won't use that much anyway). The battery time is very bad. I checked the viewfinder on the Sony (the biggest selling point) and wouldn't see myself using it, as it is small in such a small camera and it felt uncomfortable.
I do love this camera, but. Buy an extra battery and the vast majorty of simple users will love it. It does movies and most of all gives nice pictures. The price of this camera in a few months will be under $600.00. High priced for the simple user, but low when compared to Sony and Pansonic. For these people nice pictures, with movies vs cost and maybe size. All else, who cares EVF, camera lay out. These simple users use there phones for pics.
"It's not just the Raw performance that's slow, it's the general operational speed of the camera. The menus themselves are so slow it's a pain to change any settings (presumably b/c of the animations). You literally can't even dismiss the menu sometimes (e.g. if it's in the middle of an animation, or the camera's 'catching up' to your fast button presses), which you can see in our video of Jeff having to press the Func. button multiple times to dismiss it here. This is a large part of why we say the performance of the camera is slow.

So, given the overall sluggishness of the camera, I don't think any of us felt the 1fps Raw performance was a 'bug'. It's just the overall feel and nature of the camera: it's just not snappy. Especially in comparison to the RX100 III.

I wanted to love this camera, even initially thought of replacing my RX100 III w/ it (b/c of the touch screen). But after using it, it actually made me like the RX100 III even more.
"
"Great to have choices and each individual decide what best serves their needs. Whats good for one is bad for another and vice versa. ?? Some love reviews while others avoid them. Everyone should do what works best for them and not judge someone else simply because of a different view.

Life is all about choices...????????"
Yesterday's formula....had no screen, film, and a viewfinder. I don't get the obsession with viewfinders. I love them and use them constantly, but holding a tiny point and shoot up to my face holds no appeal. The screen is a perfectly good way to compose a shot. Fortunately cameras still exist that have viewfinders, so go buy one.
"So you love them and use them constantly but you don't get the obsession with viewfinders? Hmm, more controversy in 2 sentences is almost impossible.
Why is having a viewfinder on a ""tiny point and shoot"" not appealing? I can take much more stable pictures with it and framing in sunlight is a lot easier. Maybe because... it's a Sony?"
Yes, one that puts picture taking at the top of the priority list. Canon loves that mindless loyalty.
Canon menus and ergonomics are enough to sell their cameras and the image quality is more than sufficient (which is to say excellent). Sony cameras are by far the most frustrating, counterintuitive, and uncomfortable cameras to use, and there are plenty of people who will testify to that fact in Canon forums who wanted to love their RX100I/II/III but couldn't tolerate it any longer. Turns out usability can be so low that the RX100's performance doesn't yield any actual edge in everyday use. Add to that terrible colors, cooked raw files, and cheap construction and suddenly all those advantages don't look quite so....advantageous.
There's not much to get. As with everything else on the internet, this comment section is a magnet primarily for a-holes that have nothing better to do than bash everything they mildly dislike. Heaven forbid one should go and have a productive discussion about something they like or might actually buy. No, this is where the misanthropes of the world can unabashedly display their bitterness and scarred psyche. If not that, then it might also be the hipster syndrome of deciding to hate something as a group in order to display their free thinking, independent attitude. Canon is the establishment and if they don't make something that is ten times better than everything else, including whatever they made last, then they are the corporate machine trying to steal our money. Sad sacks one and all.
"goblover;

I like to share with you some Photo 101 which you may already know:

>>> ""stopped down the aperture"" too much will hurt Sharpness b/c it is limited by DIFFRACTION:

You can calculator your cameras ""Diffraction Limit"" by using tool below:

http://www.cambridgeincolour.com/tutorials/diffraction-photography.htm

>>> ""Nails focus quickly"" =/= AF Accuracy.

>>> I do not know S120, but Panasonic P&S's OIS is very respectable."
"
If EVF is still blurry after pull out the eyecup. adjust the ""diopter"".

BTW: I like SONY-M3's ""diopter"" adjust ARM better than DIAL which being found in most of the cameras.B77"
"When my Sony RX100 v. I broke, I thought about getting the Sony RX100 vIII, but I was taken aback by the downsize to the 24-70 lens. I really would not use the pop up eye piece, although that sounds very good for many I know.

I really liked the shooting experience of the RX100 vI. The camera was fast and the pictures in RAW were excellent. I had never had a better pocket camera.

I went with the Canon G7x because of the 24-100, f 1.8 - 2.8 lens specs. At first the shooting experience seemed awkward, but after a month with this camera, I feel very comfortable. RAW output is exceptional. I take a lot of portrait and the lens specs were the only option compared to the Sony. A $700 pocket camera is quite a luxury - I feel that the most important feature, the lens and image quality outweigh the better shooting experience of the Sony. If the Sony had a 24 - 100, f 1.8 - 2.8 lens, I would have bought it."
"What's the point of your rating system?

None of you would buy this camera. It falls apart in ""performance, usability, and battery life,"" and excels at things any large-sensor camera can do. And yet, somehow it's worth 77% and a Silver award?

Here's a thought exercise for you. Take the same camera and cement the lens cap to it. What rating then? Would you still give it 50% for the build quality and screen UI, despite an utter inability to fulfill its intended purpose? Do all features rate the same in importance?

That's what this review looks like: we hate it, but here's some points for what it could have been. Oh, and the bottom of our scale is actually 75."
Looks like a nice little camera. It seems strange though that Canon seems to struggle when its comes to contrast detection AF. The autofocus speeds of their cameras using CDAF always seem to be a bit slower than the competition. The speed of the EOS M was atrocious.
Lotta Cons for a Silver award.
That's exactly I'm wondering about as well.. - DPR could probably rethink the rating scale - it's not very useful having ALL the cameras 75% or like that. I can't remember a camera being classified as 'brick, 15%'. Of course one can say 'all the cameras are very usable today' - but one could contra that with 'do some normalization please'. A camera having slow/unreliable auto/manual focus, clumsy exposure compensation dial and other "features", should definitely not qualify as "silver award" I think. Considering this, only a brick with a hole inside could do worse. There is probably no camera on the market currently, which is really "bad", but please, take this into account when using your rating system: when all anyway-oh-so-modern cams qualify in worst case as "silver", it's almost useless. Of course you can shoot good enough with anything, but that's not the point here.
"Chronis: I do have a 6D, and really love it, but in most ways it is a very much a lesser camera than the Nikon D610. I really only use Canon instead of Nikon because I love the Canon control system, and hate the Nikon one. Plus, Nikon seems to despise their customers after they got their money. They do offer a lot more value at point of sale, though, from entry-level up through at least the D810.

Fortunately, I don't have many lenses, though, and they were pretty inexpensive, so if and when mirrorless catches up to what I want in a system, I will probably move over to that. Note that I certainly don't expect Canon to be the one to get there. It seems they are planning to ride their old tech and manufacturing into the ground. Maybe they intend to extract the last bit of profit, then just move on to focusing on office machines or whatever else it is they make."
Of course you can. But you won't have 24mm and, by the time you've cropped them to 100mm field of view you have a 1MP image at equivalent f/16. They're lovely cameras, but it makes no sense to think of them as alternatives to the g7x and rx100 - different cameras for different purposes, and likely different buyers.
I want to love the X30, It's got a great retro rangefinder appeal, solid ergonomics, Fuji image processing (which I still miss after years of moving away from their discontinued professional DSLR line). I'm just stuck on the fact that given that X30 is larger than the LX100, and considerably larger than the G7 or RX100, yet has similar aperture range (albeit with slightly longer zoom range), and only manages to have a fraction of the sensor surface of either. I think Fuji is going to have to develop something in between their 2/3" and APS-C sensors, and figure out how to squeeze it into a X30 size body without slowing down the lens if they want to stay relevant in the new high end compact market.
"The X30 is the only camera of this type that provides certain capabilities that are important to me, notably accommodation of an external microphone for video, and interval shooting. I might wish that it had a Bulb setting for long exposures but can live without that.
I have not owned a Fuji camera before--this will be the first--and will give it a shot. It's not shipping until November, and I am pre-ordering completely on spec since I have not seen one in person and probably will not until this shows up at my door.

I've been using a Canon S110 and love it to death, but I want a second high-end P&S with more capabilities and the X30 comes closest to fulfilling my requirements."
I love the new design and I have always loved the way the Fuji X10 and X20 handled, particularly the manual zoom. In fact, the haptics alone have me tempted to get the Fuji X30 despite the small sensor size since it solves my main gripe by far with the previous two models, which was the crappy viewfinder. All that said, it is a shame that Fuji did not go with a 1" sensor. I am sure there are all kinds of reasons but, in the current environment with 1" compact options multiplying plus the announcement of the LX100, a 2/3" sensor on a camera larger than a NEX 6 is hard to make sense of.
Ergonomics is one reason. I love how my X-E1 feels in my hand, anything much smaller would be ridiculous to use with an EVF. Most of the tiny MFT cameras have no built-in EVF, so there's no real comparison.
I especially love the way that some folks think my X10 is a Leica.
"For the 1 in sensor lovers:
1. Yes, The latest 1 in Sony sensor is the best at this point but.....
2. Notice that X-trans sensors are more capable than the Bayer ones in the high ISO department so the smaller Fuji sensor can be ~ equally capable as a larger one (see below)
3. Compare the Fuji X20 samples to the Nikon J/V series, older, newer whichever one you want (low light, set up same, print resolution for back to back). Do you see it? It is now arguable that 1 in is always better. Older Nikon ones are worse (look at the JPEGs and RAWs), newer are just different: less chroma noise on Fuji, ~ more noise overall on the Fuji but not much.
4. The X30 implemented new processing engine so the JPEGs are just better than for the X20 (search on the Fuji- rumour) so the comparison would be more favourable for the Fuji with the X30 files available.
5. Sensor is not everything: the lens does the job too!
6. Fuji cameras are just pleasure to use (controls are for photographers)

Regards."
"I’m disappointed at the X 30 and loss of the retro looking optical finder I use on my x10 in bright light.
Also, the X30 size difference from the X10/X20 means I can’t use my $140 Really Right Stuff quick release which helps balance.
Being a Leica user, I fell in love with the X10 as a travel camera. The images are ok, except in contrasty situations, so I was upgrading to the X20, but, waited for the X30 to be released, and sorry I did.
The only X30 feature I need is the tilting LCD for low angle shots. I was also hoping the X30 had a wider lens, which Lumix offers. I shoot tight spaces and need a 24mm lens, but 21mm would be ideal.
Too many people want super-tele lenses, and don’t understand the need for super-wide lenses or how to use them.
I bought an Xpro-1 for fine-art work. After seeing the quality images from this camera, I am replacing my Nikons and use my X Pro-1.
Now, still needing a quality small camera, I’ll just pick up a discontinued X20 and wait for the X40."
""" Leica user, I fell in love with the X10""

X10 more looks like Leica as X10 has no logo."
"I preordered today based on the timing of things: I was looking for a ""backup"" camera to my 5dMkIII and was not having much luck with a used 5D and didn't really want to mess with the rebel series. I don't care about sensor size...I can take a good photograph with 6 mp. I have had a X100S (loved it but returned it because fixed lens was not flexible enough) which had the EVF that worked great. My hope is this little camera's EVF is also as good.

The fuji film simulation was really nice, and got me thinking in ""chrome"" colors again. Anyway, my X100S experience led me to this camera...we'll see how it goes."
I love Fuji cameras but I'd rather get a discounted X100s or the heavily discounted X-E2. Maybe it's just me but I never thought that the X10, X20 and X30 line is well positioned in the market at $600. I would consider it for $400 as a travel camera tops but not a penny more.
I have a X10 in active use and love it. The 85% of the VF were sometimes frustrating. This looks like a good idea. also ditching the proprietary chargers. I also carry a DSLR when travelling and that also needs one. Of course an entirely different one. What a waste of space. Good one so far Fuji!
Well, got a XZ-2 for around that price, too. Depending on conditions, I would use up to ISO 800. Initially it was way too expensive, but for the discounted price it handles well, the images are good, it is fast (comparatively speaking), and I am glad it is only 12 MP. I would have loved to have a 24-120 mm equiv. lens.
"No matter what you do someone will complain. If you use a 2/3"" sensor then some people will want 1"" or 4/3"" or Bigger.

If you include a viewfinder then some people will complain that they don't want the extra size or cost. If you leave it out some people will say it is an absolute necessity.

No one camera can fit everyone's needs. Instead these manufactures should concentrate on making several models that are all similar cameras with different options packages. If you make a few different packages with the most common features then people won't have to explore other cameras to get what they want.

The point is that you don't want to give buyers a reason NOT to buy your camera. If you give them choices then they won't complain about not getting what they want or don't want.

I would love to see them announce a small camera with a bright lens and a limited zoom without a viewfinder but with a flash. Then also have almost the same camera with a viewfinder and more manual controls."
"Why does the first impressions text mention the RX100 II but not the III?

Just curious. I already own an RX100 III and love it. I also really like Fuji cameras in general, but this X30 is not what I'd personally want from a compact, which is mainly smallest size with the best IQ (which is why I went with the RX100 line)."
...and I wouldn't be surprised if a good evf takes up more space internally than the simple and smallish tunnel ovf in my X10 (still lovely, but not often used since I got the GX7 and prime and zoom pancakes).
"Absolutely. the NEX would have an edge on 2 things: extended ISO and less noise I think.

However, I am not an absolutist, I don't think this is a this versus that choice. I liked the X20 for many other reasons, one of which was that it fits well in a pocket.

And, basically, I just liked it. The NEX I liked (I haven't kept up to date on them) was the NEX 7 which I think was almost the perfect camera at the time.

To my original point, I love the camera: it is great for street, great for concerts but I would never venture to say it is the ""best"" for either. I just happen to like it a lot."
"Totally agree with you Mr Bendheim, for me also I think this will be a very good camera for street photography, overall I like what I'm seeing and reading.
I personally love the styling."
 - I guess one could regard the X100s as Fuji's premium compact - and although its not exactly tiny, it seems to produce great files in a very portable form factor. And most people who own it seem to love it. And that's a bigger sensor than the one inch compacts. The size difference between the X10/20/30 and the X100s is not huge.B96
I love this camera. I like the style, design, controls, features, -expected- quality, and even the brand. But it has a problem: the RX100 III. As much as I like this Fuji, I'd pick the Sony.
I have the X-T1 and quite a few lenses and believe me, once you've grown used to it there's no way you'd enjoy using the Sony (which I've had) the only (pocket size) compact I have actually enjoyed using is the Ricoh GR, which also trumps the RX in the IQ and performance. The X10/20/30 are not aiming at being as compact as possible, I'm fairly sure most owners would not consider a smaller camera even with a larger sensor as it wouldn't be as enjoyable to shoot with, so sure we would all love to have a bigger sensor in it but if you are a x10 user or have grown accustomed to good handling cameras the x30 is on a different league when compared to the Sony, albeit for a very different reason.
I purchased an AW110 on July the 19th – used it 3 times, I was impressed with the ergonomics of the camera – I’m using it with neoprene gloves – balancing in a sea kayak. However on the 3rd use I noticed moisture on the lower part of the screen which rapidly spread to fog the whole screen – then killed the display. Clearly water had somehow gotten into the camera despite the battery cover being securely locked. I returned it to the store – assuming they would replace it as it was clearly faulty. But no! As the camera was suffering from ‘water damage’ they would have to return it to Nikon and that I was told would take 6 - 8 weeks. If it was then deemed to be a fault they would replace it. I’ve called the local Nikon office who has offered a quicker two week process if I can get the camera to them – but beware even though they say these cameras are waterproof – some stores are not willing to stand behind that statement! I have this horrible feeling that I just bought a problem camera.
I'd love it if we could get to - as an example - the rugged X100
Absolute HATE this camera. Poor battery life (carry 3 spares!) but worse, the photos are AWFUL. Often blurry, bad exposure, and worse. The only positive I have is that the video is OK. Looks to me like there is always a plastic cover on our photos. Ebay here it comes....
Nobody likes a lawsuit :)
"it's not like you can bring a tripod down there." I bet I can. But it will be useless if not put on the ground.
"I agree. The TG-2 and WG-3 are the new standard. The AW110 might be competent within its ""comfort envelope"", but the envelope is pitifully small.
A cloud, or dense foliage, or a deep canyon - and the AW110 is out of its element, while the TG-2 and WG-3 keep going well into twilight.

But the review rating is more like a sum of weighted features. Don't expect it to make decisions for you.

Besides, different people have different priorities.

For example, if you're only ever planning to take pictures in broad daylight, and only while standing in the shade, then this camera could work just as well as its faster-lens, decent-LCD competitors..."
"A GREAT PORTABLE COMPUTER DEVICE AT A GREAT PRICE!, I have an Acer C720 ($199) and an Acer C720P ($299) and both are amazing machines. If you dont mind plunking down the extra $100 for the touchscreen then go for it but really you will do fine without it and save yourself $100 especially if you are buying these as gifts like I did for others in my family.

Here is a list of the APPS I use on both and it runs them fast and flawlessly:
Facebook, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Docs, Chrome Remote Desktop (flawlessly connects to my Windows 7 laptop and I can run any windows program remotely with ease and flawlessly connects to my Office Desktop and I can access all my office records which is key since i am a family doc), Google Cloud Print (easily prints documents to all the printers i have set up), MyBible, Kindle, Twitter, Hootsuite, Weatherbug, Netflix, Pandora, YouTube, Google+ photos (automatically puts all my photos taken on my Iphone over to my chromebook), RUNS ALL WEBSITES INCLUDING BANKING WEBSITES and my mobile hospital app FLAWLESSLY WITH CHROME (including adobe flash player sites which my Ipad and Iphone still wont run)

The only CONS i can find so far are no SKYPE app.....If you want to do video calls then need to use GOOGLE HANGOUTS which is much less intuitive than skype....and you CANNOT hook a printer directly to a chromebook but you can use google cloud print to print easily...needs wifi connection to do most things (this is really not a problem for me as i am always connected and they have developed a number of apps that work when not connected including document writer and email offline

Battery Life Amazing! almost 8hrs of use!
Touchscreen good but not like an Ipad (can't use your fingers to zoom in with pinch)
Touchpad very good! (and really dont need the touchscreen because touchpad works so good)
Keyboard very solid,
Can use any wireless mouse with it. (Ipad still cant utilize a mouse)
Screen brightness great.
Sound adequate but a bit tinny
USB port charges devices and can use flash drives to move and transfer files (another thing I still cant do with my Ipad)
2 years free of 100GB Google Drive (this saves you $120 right there)
12 free wifi passes while on planes (i dont fly much but still a nice convenience and saves you the $10 or so connection fee)
Free virus protection

All in all a great economical way to access the internet with ease and lightning speed and do 95% of what most people use a personal computer for this day and age."
"Amazing combination of price and experience., I got my first Chromebook about six months ago, it was Samsung series 3 with the ARM processor. Initially it meant to serve me as a second laptop for occasional light work online, but very soon I realized that I was using it most of the time. My powerful Windows laptop and Mac mini were just sitting there collecting dust, getting my attention only once a week at best. I replaced my Samsung with Acer C720 2 GB RAM version two weeks ago.
Here's a quick breakdown.
- C720 has a slightly better screen than Samsung. Same washed out colors, but contrast and viewing angles are better, and so is brightness level. If you are spoiled by the screens of modern tablets, you might think that 1366x768 resolution would look unattractive. That's not quite right. I should remind you that MacBook's Air 11 screen has the same resolution and the same size. It's just enough to do what it's designed to do.
- The keyboard layout of C720 may not be as good as Samsung's, but I like Acer's feel and key movement better. Unless you have very large hands, it might provide one of the best typing experiences in the price range below $300, and it's definitely better than most Windows laptops for that price. I write quite a lot and C720's keyboard didn't cause any significant discomfort so far. Touchpad is reasonably good, but nothing to be overexcited about. I only wish it was a bit larger.
- C720 is WAY faster than Samsung. Don't be deceived by the name of the processor - this Celeron unit from the Haswell family has more processing power than Chrome OS requires. And 2 GB of RAM should be absolutely enough for anyone, who normally doesn't keep over a dozen tabs running heavy websites simultaneously. The fan would kick in from time to time, but it's very quiet and is never annoying. Boot time is typically impressive for Chrome OS devices and takes around 7 seconds.
- Battery life is one of the sweetest spots of this laptop. To get promised 8.5 hours you don't have to keep the screen brightness at 50% all the time (as you would do with the Samsung to get 6.5 hours). I don't carry the charger with me and never managed to make it run out of juice. In fact, sometimes I would even give some boost to my phone's battery from C720 without worrying that it may die unexpectedly. Also, the battery charges pretty quickly.
- Speakers of C720 are louder than Samsung's, but they don't sound much better - they shoot down at the table (or your lap) and don't really promise anything. But plug in headphones or external speakers and you'll get some decent sound quality for a low budget device.
- The Web Camera on C720 is also superior to the one in Samsung. Promised difference in resolution might not be that visible, but it keeps higher framerate, works better in low light and seems like it captures a wider viewing angle. It is definitely an upgrade. Microphone gets the job done, but it's not very useful in somewhat noisy environment.
- C720 is a little bit heavier than Samsung, but by no means it is heavy or bulky. It is still a portable laptop that could be easily moved or carried with one hand. Its build quality is better than most Windows laptops below $350. Obviously, there's nothing special about the quality of materials, but everything feels solid, the lid mechanism is sturdy enough, and overall it's not bad at all. It certainly lacks some style, but it looks and feels more expensive than it costs.
I love Chromebooks for the ease of use. The first set up takes about five minutes. They are perfect for kids, for elderly people unfamiliar with computers, for students, for writers, bloggers or even programmers. It's amazing how much stuff can be done in a browser. Online shopping, social networking, managing emails, listening to music, watching movies, reading books, video chatting - everything that most casual users actually do on their computers and even more. Offline capabilities are not forgotten - you can watch movies from the local or external storage, listen to music, work with Google Docs and many other Chrome apps or even games that can run offline. One of the greatest things about Chrome OS - there is virtually no maintenance. You have to try really hard to make it work wrong. Updates are seamless and a complete reset of the system with the Powerwash, in case you want to give it away or sell it, takes just few minutes.
I was skeptical when the idea of a Chromebook was introduced to the public. But when I tried one myself and gave it a proper open-minded shot, I wasn't able to go back. Today Acer C720 is my daily driver and I would change it only to a better Chromebook. For $199 it's almost impossible to beat its value. Don't forget, that with the purchase you also get 100 GB of Google Drive space for 2 years. And if you like touchscreens, C720p for $299 is also a very good deal."
"Inexpensive, lightweight and powerful. The C720 2GB version is one of the best buys in tech. Period. I'm a technology addict and I've been following the development of ChromeOS for a while. When it first came out, I totally understood the concept but wanted to wait for it to mature a while and the prices to come down. My trigger price point was $200 so when the 2GB version of C720 came out, I had to have one.

I find it amazing that such an inexpensive device can do so much. After having it a week, it became my favorite machine just because it is so simple and light. After using it, you come to question why we need such big computing power, huge hard discs and RAM just to run a traditional OS when it comes to supporting the use cases for about 90% of what you use a PC to do. Whats even better, the Chromebook is pretty much ready to go out of the box, with an already pretty rich supply of online an offline apps don't cost you anything extra.

Just like tablets came on the market and turned the PC industry upside down because they did 80% of a PC did, and did it with a better user experience, lower price with much less hardware spec. In the same way, I think the Chromebook will have a permanent place in personal tech as the one matching basic needs at the cheapest price - a second PC for around the home, or the ""throwaway"" unit for travel where you don't have to worry about damaging or losing it because its both cheap and highly secure.

Specific to the C720 - I agree with most that the screen could be much better but it is still quite acceptable considering the price. The trackpad and the keyboard as well - I have no trouble using them and the trackpad is actually better than many more expensive PCs. I think the build quality is actually quite good - it looks professional and robust enough so that it can survive a road warrior's abuse.

The 2GB ram is also the best value in my opinion. I've read a comparison report that showed that the 4GB really has no advantage until you open up 15-20 tabs at once, anything less than that the performance is identical. My own experience (I usually open up only 5 to 10 tabs at once) is that browsing performance is excellent - comparable to my 2013 MacBook Air with 8GB RAM that cost 5x the price."
"I love my Chromebook! I'm in my last semester (hopefully) of my undergrad and my 4 year old HP Envy quit on me in the first week of this semester. I've had my Chromebook for about a month now, so I think I'm a little qualified to leave a pretty accurate review.

Overall, I absolutely love my Chromebook. It is an amazing little device and I will probably never go back to a PC (I'm not a Mac person at all so I can't compare it to them). Now, as a disclaimer, I am not someone who does online gaming or software video editing. At most, I'll edit some pictures and maybe edit some music files, so I cannot attest to this devices ability to fulfill those needs (though it doesn't seem like it would be very compatible with them). However, as someone who needs a computer mostly for internet, research, email, music, social networking, and document editing, this thing is amazing.

PROS
1. Speed. This thing is a beast. It comes out of a sleep faster than my Kindle will start up (if I shut it down, not just if I wake it up from sleeping). It's kind of incredible how fast it boots. Internet browsing and document editing is awesome, video viewing is great (YES, this OS IS great for Netflix and online streaming, don't believe what you've heard if it is contrary to what I just said).

2. Display. I really like the Chrome OS layout (it's pretty similar to Windows 7, which I liked a lot more than any devices with Windows 8 that I've tried--my phone has Windows 8 and I kind of hate it now that I have my Chromebook). It's intuitive and simple--the whole setup process for me took like ten minutes tops.

3. Sync with Google. I can access all of my stuff EVERYWHERE. I used Google Drive before, but not as heavily. It is soooo so nice to have all of your material on whatever computer you may have access to.

4. Apps. Google has come out with some really useful apps for these devices and they're only making more.

5. Hardware. I love the way this Acer laptop is set up. The sound is surprisingly wonderful for such a small machine, AND it has separate ""speakers' and ""headphones"" settings for sound. No more plugging my headphones in, forgetting I had the volume cranked earlier that day, and having my ear drums blown out. It's a simple but beautiful thing and I don't know why more manufacturers don't do it. The top row of keys is as follows: Escape, Back (internet browser button), Forward, Refresh, Fullscreen, I don't know what to call the next button but if you hit it it brings all the things you have open up on your desktop screen and you can click on what you want to go to, Dimmer, Brighter, Mute, Volume Down, Volume Up, Power. The ""programs"" button is awesome, I use it all the time to get to something else that I have open but don't want to scroll through everything to find, and having the internet back, forward, and refresh buttons on the keyboard is surprisingly nice. Some people say they're worried about hitting the power button accidentally, but to turn it off you have to hold it for a few seconds, so it's difficult to do it by accident. The screen is matte, so you can still see things if you're outside or by a window, and the trackpad is awesome--two finger scroll, click with two fingers for a right click, and you can enable tap to click in the settings (which I was thrilled with because I hate pushing down every time). Unfortunately, though, there's no zoom feature on the trackpad. That's my only complaint about it. This thing is SO lightweight overall--with my old computer, if I lugged it around campus my shoulders would kill me, but with this one I can barely tell it's in my backpack.

6. Sleep/Occasional Crash Recovery. Any time I've put this to sleep, turned it off without closing things, or had it run out of memory and need to restart abruptly, I have not lost a single thing. Are crashes desirable? No. Do they happen? Yes. Does this thing deal with them well? Absolutely. On a computer with only 2 gb of RAM I kind of expected a few crashes because I can be a heavy internet browser, but when it restores itself, all my tabs come back and whatever I was working on is safe.

7. Battery Life. Battery life battery life oh my gosh battery life. I am AMAZED with it. One day I was using it to watch Netflix and bum around on the internet and the battery was at about 60% and I didn't have to plug it in for FIVE hours. On a full charge, it will do at least 8 if you're not watching videos, and about 6 or 7 if you are. It's absolutely incredible and if it's the one reason you buy this computer, I wouldn't judge that decision (other than to say it's totally reasonable). It's wonderful and cannot be matched. It's also super convenient when I need to take it to class and am not sitting close to a power outlet. My old HP would get 3 hours MAX when the batter was new. If this computer only lasted 3 hours, I would wonder what was wrong with it. The lack of a need to plug in is a beautiful, beautiful thing and it is definitely unparalleled.

8. Google Docs. At first I was worried about not having Microsoft Word, but honestly, Google's line of word processing programs are so similar that it doesn't even matter. You can save things as .docx or .pdf and then anyone can view them in the ""traditional"" format. It's absolutely not necessary to have Microsoft Word. Plus, there are plenty of converter apps that Google has to view things from other people and turn them into Google Docs so you can edit them, and then turn them back into pdfs or whatever you need.

CONS

1. Sometimes it crashes. It happens with all computers. However, as I said, it reboots well and I've never lost anything.

2. The fact that all my stuff is on the cloud... I'm a little uncomfortable with it. I have an external hard drive with most of my files on it (especially videos and stuff). I've never had any problems with hacking, but it worries me slightly. However, Google is constantly improving security, so I'm not ALL that worried. The nice thing is that you can set up ""2 Step Verification,"" so when you (or potentially someone else) log into your google account from a previously unused computer, you have to supply your password AND google sends your phone a text with a code to put in. You have to have your phone to log in, but this gives me a little more peace of mind.

3. Desire to Learn (this online software that my school uses for virtually everything) issues. The dropbox on Desire to Learn won't let me upload files. This has been an absolute pain and I have to make sure that I either have my Kindle Fire charged so I can send PDFs to it and then upload them with that, or that I'm on campus so I can use a public computer to turn in my assignment. This is my biggest complaint and I hope I can resolve it eventually, though I don't know how I could do it on my own.

4. Printing. I haven't sat down yet to try to connect my printer to cloud print. I know there are directions, I know you are supposed to be able to print with Chromebooks, but there are so many extra steps that I just haven't bothered with it yet. I've resorted to printing on my campus and my printer has gone dormant. Maybe eventually I'll hook it up and change this to a pro, but for now, it's a hindrance.

5. File Explorer. The file explorer is pretty simple but is sometimes kind of glitchy. Usually if I put my computer to sleep and wake it up again it solves that problem, but it's annoying nonetheless.

FINAL VERDICT
Overall, if you're not a huge gamer or video editor, this computer is amazing. All these great features combined with the outstanding price make it a fantastic choice for those who just use computers for internet and document editing. Contrary to Microsoft's Chrome OS slam commercials, IT IS NOT USELESS WITHOUT AN INTERNET CONNECTION. No, you can't access websites, but you can't do that offline with a PC anyway. You can still make documents and they'll just save to your small hard drive and sync with Google Drive later. It saves the most recent things you've worked on, and if you want more you can use an external hard drive or flash drive (or physically move files to the offline drive) to access more files offline. Honestly, though, I'm so rarely without an internet connection that it doesn't even matter anyway.
I would recommend this computer wholeheartedly (and have many times in the past month). It's compact, intuitive, useful, and does almost everything a common PC will do. If you have any other questions that I didn't address, just ask :)"
"A decent ""backup"" computer. If you are low on funds, it can be your main machine in a pinch., First, the hardware.

I have two Macbook Pro machines (a 2009 and a 2010 model), so I have relatively high standards. This is not Apple quality, but it is superior to most cheap Windows machines and far superior to netbook machines.

The overall build is 4-star. The keyboard is decent, and short of being backlit, it is almost on-par with Apple's chicklet keyboard. Vs Apple's chicklet keyboard, it has slightly less travel and a different texture, but it is very usable.

The machine itself is solid: it doesn't flex and creak like most cheap machines. It is quite rigid and feels solid for a plastic notebook. It isn't as ugly as photos lead you to believe.

The trackpad is nice. It is not as flawless as an Apple trackpad, but is responsive and works well. It supports two-finger scrolling (windows-style or ""natural""). It also supports navigating forward and back with two fingers, although this gesture is definitely less responsive than with Apple's trackpad. The whole trackpad is a button, just like a Mac. You can choose whether to tap-to-click, or not.

The big (huge) weakness is the display. Resolution isn't horrible compared to a non-retina Mac, but contrast is pretty bad. Unless you tilt the C720's screen perfectly, contrast is abysmal. I would gladly have paid more if it had a better display. It is the one thing that makes me regret this purchase, even at the low price.

Battery life is great. I used this machine earlier this week with streaming music in the background and working on documents for work. It had 20% left after 7 hours.

As is clearly stated in the description, this machine contains an OS that simply runs Google Chrome. You can get a great idea of what works and what does not by simply testing tasks in Google Chrome on a Mac, PC, or Linux box.

It is surprising what can be done with just a browser. It isn't perfect, but you can do a lot.

Below are some of my normal tasks, and how well they can be accomplished with the Chromebook C720.

Browsing: flawless. It is full-featured Google Chrome, and it is fast and responsive. It doesn't choke on any web sites or even web apps that I have found. It can handle ten tabs easily (2gb model).

Creating simple MS office documents: decent. It can create basic office documents (docs, spreadsheets, presentations) and export them for use in MS office.

Editing simple Microsoft Office files: fair. It works with simple spreadsheets and documents. It can ""view"" simple Powerpoint files.

It isn't great at handling complex MS office files with lots of formatting. You can probably get by in a pinch, but you will occasionally struggle and there are files you will encounter that just won't work at all.

I do not have a subscription to the new ""MS Office 365"" cloud apps, so I can't speak to how well it handles them. If it works as well as Apple's cloud office apps, you should have no problems with Office 365.

Edited to add: I tried Microsofts free trial of Office 365. Chrome's web office apps are just as powerful as Microsoft's web apps (though Apple iWork web apps are more powerful than both). The big difference between Microsoft web apps and Chrome web apps is the interface. The MS Office 365 interface is similar to modern MS Office with the big toolbar at the top. Google Chrome web office app interface is simpler and more like Office '97. Neither are super-powerful and I actually prefer Google Chrome's we apps to Microsoft's web apps. The Chrome apps make better use of screen real estate. Neither of them can display heavy formatting found in complex documents.

Apple iWork files (Pages, Keynote, and Numbers): great, using Apple's iWork for iCloud. iCloud will warn you that the browser is not supported, but it works great. It works just as well as it does using Chrome or Safari on a Mac. It can't import your iWork files into the offline software, so Apple iWork is a cloud-only online-only option.

Amazon Prime Video: failure. It simply does not work at this time (12/7/13)
Edited to add: now Amazon Prime Video works fine. ??? Perhaps Amazon had some issue or the machine updated itself, but it works fine now.

Netflix: works great.

Network storage using the file manager: failure. There is no way to easily connect to my home NAS server or shared folders on other machines on the network using the file manager.

NAS access using the browser interface: great. I have a Synology Diskstation NAS. I can watch movies, play music, and download files using the web-based interface just fine.

VPN access: failed (using my work VPN). It does have a VPN setup built in, but doesn't work with my company VPN. My company VPN works fine on iPhone, iPad, and almost any computer. This is a big drawback that Google needs to fix.

Printing: decent. I have an HP printer that is fully supported and it prints great (HP Officejet 7500). HP ""eprint"" printers have an email address and you just give the C720 this address for printer access. I have heard that it struggles with some printers, but I can't speak to it. The print command brings up a dialog to export your file/image/webpage/etc as a PDF file by default.

Photo viewing/editing: very mixed, and mostly awful when offline. One reason I wanted this device was to carry with me along with my camera to view photos on the go. It does have a full-size SD slot (though the card protrudes from the machine and can't be left in the slot for long). The built-in offline image ""editor"" is a joke. It can only view files fitted to the screen. It can do extremely simple tasks like cropping and brightness adjustment, and that's it. You can't even zoom in on an image to inspect it closely with the built-in photo app. With difficulty, I found an offline image editor app called ""Pixir Touch Up"" that does a much better job, and will allow you to zoom in on images from your SD card, but it isn't much better than the stock app. Pixir does offer a very full-featured online photo editor that is on-par with Gimp and others. Remember, the display isn't great and isn't ideal for inspecting photos. An iPad and an EyeFi card (or iPad camera connection kit) are a much better choice for toting along on a photography adventure. Even though the display is poor, it's too bad that Google did such a lousy job with the photo app.

Google Chromecast: great! It works well with my Chromecast. It works just as well as when using Chrome on my Mac.

Ease of use: decent. If you already have Chrome on a Mac/Linux/PC, you know how to use it. All of you settings, bookmarks, and everything else in Chrome on a Mac just downloads right into the Chromebook.

Google Drive storage: fantastic! This machine includes 100GB of Google Drive storage. Google charges $5/month for this great service and Dropbox charges twoce as much for similar service. I am Going to cancel my 100GB Dropbox and save $10/month for two years, which essentially makes this machine free. If you don't know about syncing files between your computers using Google Drive, you need to check it out. It is a bargain at $5, and a steal when free with a usable computer.

The machine itself with the current software is a three star item, but it is a great value. It isn't as high-quality as a Macbook or a modern tablet, but it is so cheap that it should be a consideration if you simply cannot afford a high-end machine, or you need a backup machine. It is better than many Windows machines I have used that cost more than twice as much. It would be 4-star-plus with a better display, better file manager, better network support, and better photo viewer/editor. Hopefully Google keeps working on it and eventually upgrades the weaknesses in the software.
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews 
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Report abuse | Permalink
Comment Comments (43)


69 of 78 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars I drank the Google Kool Aid and I like it!, March 30, 2014
By Embee (North Brunswick, NJ) - See all my reviews
Verified Purchase(What's this?)
This review is from: Acer C720 Chromebook (11.6-Inch, 2GB) (Personal Computers)
I love this computer! I have been working in technology for over 20 years and traditional computers are great for corporate work. For my personal use, I am far less needy. Even with my technology background, in my home I only need the internet for my email, banking, browsing, and creating the occasional document. A few years ago, I drank the Google Kool Aid and most of my world is tied up with them. This makes this the perfect computer for me. Upon unboxing it, I was up and running in about a minute. Everything I do with my traditional Windows computer is done on this small, light, powerful machine.

I was forever updating and cleaning my Windows machine. I work with troubled computers all day long. I did not want to come home to deal with my own. This little beast has cured me of that pain. I boot it up and it just works. No waiting, no updating, no pop-ups. It is truly headache free.

There are three small inconveniences for me. First, I have a NAS. If you don't know what that is, you won't care. It has a web interface, but it is far easier to manage the files by connecting to it via the Windows file system. This has been easily addressed by keeping my traditional Windows laptop booted up and underneath the bed in my guest bedroom. I can easily control it from the Chromebook via Google Remote Desktop. That allows me to do file cleanups on my NAS when necessary. I am hopeful that someday either Google or a third party will find a way for me to connect to the NAS without making too many changes to my Chromebook. For now, I am just fine.

The other two issues have to do with my networked multi-function laser printer. I got an awesome deal on an older model Brother laser printer last year and I have no need or desire to replace it right now. If I were so inclined, I would invest in a newer model that is Google Cloud Print ready. Until then, my Windows machine is up and running for my NAS anyway, I don't mind that I also have to keep it running for Cloud Print. That is the easy part. Then there is scanning. I do a lot of scanning. The only way I was able to make that work is to use ScanWorks CloudScan. It works wonderfully, but again, you need to have the Windows computer running.

Two of my three issues will forever be resolved when I upgrade my printer. I know there are other ways to deal with the NAS issue, but for now I am OK with leaving the Windows machine running.

As for documents and such, I have been using Google Docs for quite some time now. I have determined that Microsoft's Office is far too bloated with crap that I simply don't need. Google keeps making improvements including allowing you to work offline for most of its products. I find that I am rarely offline, but it is nice to know that it is there.Saving to the cloud is brilliant. You never have to worry about hard drive failure or losing your computer. It is also nice to know you can get your information anywhere as long as you have access to a network connection.

As I said, I drank the Google Kool Aid and I am a convert. I believe this is the future (at least for now). Google has managed to combine the user friendly design of Apple with the functionality of Microsoft in a very affordable package. For the price of one Apple Mac, you can have an entire network (computer, tablet, phone, television streaming device, printer, router) any geek can be proud of.

This is my first Chromebook. I could not have asked for a more powerful, sleek, and convenient machine for such a good price. I know some have complained about the keyboard, the touchpad and the display. I have no issue with any of it. I am incredibly happy with this purchase and see many more years of Google computing ahead of me."
"I drank the Google Kool Aid and I like it!, I love this computer! I have been working in technology for over 20 years and traditional computers are great for corporate work. For my personal use, I am far less needy. Even with my technology background, in my home I only need the internet for my email, banking, browsing, and creating the occasional document. A few years ago, I drank the Google Kool Aid and most of my world is tied up with them. This makes this the perfect computer for me. Upon unboxing it, I was up and running in about a minute. Everything I do with my traditional Windows computer is done on this small, light, powerful machine.

I was forever updating and cleaning my Windows machine. I work with troubled computers all day long. I did not want to come home to deal with my own. This little beast has cured me of that pain. I boot it up and it just works. No waiting, no updating, no pop-ups. It is truly headache free.

There are three small inconveniences for me. First, I have a NAS. If you don't know what that is, you won't care. It has a web interface, but it is far easier to manage the files by connecting to it via the Windows file system. This has been easily addressed by keeping my traditional Windows laptop booted up and underneath the bed in my guest bedroom. I can easily control it from the Chromebook via Google Remote Desktop. That allows me to do file cleanups on my NAS when necessary. I am hopeful that someday either Google or a third party will find a way for me to connect to the NAS without making too many changes to my Chromebook. For now, I am just fine.

The other two issues have to do with my networked multi-function laser printer. I got an awesome deal on an older model Brother laser printer last year and I have no need or desire to replace it right now. If I were so inclined, I would invest in a newer model that is Google Cloud Print ready. Until then, my Windows machine is up and running for my NAS anyway, I don't mind that I also have to keep it running for Cloud Print. That is the easy part. Then there is scanning. I do a lot of scanning. The only way I was able to make that work is to use ScanWorks CloudScan. It works wonderfully, but again, you need to have the Windows computer running.

Two of my three issues will forever be resolved when I upgrade my printer. I know there are other ways to deal with the NAS issue, but for now I am OK with leaving the Windows machine running.

As for documents and such, I have been using Google Docs for quite some time now. I have determined that Microsoft's Office is far too bloated with crap that I simply don't need. Google keeps making improvements including allowing you to work offline for most of its products. I find that I am rarely offline, but it is nice to know that it is there.Saving to the cloud is brilliant. You never have to worry about hard drive failure or losing your computer. It is also nice to know you can get your information anywhere as long as you have access to a network connection.

As I said, I drank the Google Kool Aid and I am a convert. I believe this is the future (at least for now). Google has managed to combine the user friendly design of Apple with the functionality of Microsoft in a very affordable package. For the price of one Apple Mac, you can have an entire network (computer, tablet, phone, television streaming device, printer, router) any geek can be proud of.

This is my first Chromebook. I could not have asked for a more powerful, sleek, and convenient machine for such a good price. I know some have complained about the keyboard, the touchpad and the display. I have no issue with any of it. I am incredibly happy with this purchase and see many more years of Google computing ahead of me."
"Very pleasantly surprised My laptop experience is quite disappointing.

After an Acer laptop lasting 2 years, a Toshiba lasting another 3, and some cheap HP lasting 6 weeks (no joke), I ponied up the cash and bought a Macbook. Surely that was my problem all along, and I would be happy like everyone else. I even put the apple stickers on my car. That $1300 laptop lasted 1 1/2 years. I'm sure I got a lemon, but it had been giving me problems from day one, and finally it just yielded up its expensive spirit.

I couldn't justify buying yet another $1300 laptop, but PC's are no better and I really hate Windows.

So I decided to get a cheap chromebook, just to get me through the post-holiday financial dry spell and to buy me some time to decide which costly, crappy road I should take - PC or Mac?

My chromebook arrived in the mail in one day. My expectations were fairly low. I had already used chrome for just about everything. There are just a few programs I use, like excel, but by some fortuitous chance, my company actually switched to a cloud-based accounting program instead of excel. There's actually nothing (right now) that I need another laptop for.

As others have noted, the case does feel a little cheap. That's probably the only downside. The set up feels very, very user-friendly (if you've been using chrome, then this laptop already feels made just for you!).

It's super fast, too. When you open the screen, boom. There's your stuff. Are you ADHD like me and you can't focus on 2 or 3 tabs at a time? No problemo. Open up all 12, you multi-tasker. And if you honestly feel like this portal to the land of all-knowingness slows down when you do that, then be reasonable and work with fewer tabs.

There aren't a whole lot of bells and whistles. If you want to watch cute kitty and puppy videos on youtube, this is your machine. If you need top of the line graphics, keep looking. If you want a loud, bulky, hot laptop, also, keep looking.

This thing charges FAST! And the battery life is 10-14 hours on a full charge. Go ahead, pick your jaw up off the floor. I was amazed, too.

Overall, if you need a quick little machine that's cute and tiny like a tablet but functional like a laptop, this is your deal. It's also not a bad idea to have if you transport a nice, expensive laptop back and forth from work, school, whatever. You'll probably feel a lot less heartbroken if this one bites the dust!"
"Skype works!!!!...if you put UBUNTU on it  So far, I'm very impressed with this computer. For $200, it's really hard to complain. It's fast, it's snappy, and it gets the job done.

Pros:
1.) Chrome OS is simplistic and fast.
2.) Great Battery Life
3.) Strong Wifi Signal (Both 2.4ghz and 5ghz)
4.) Can do just about anything on it...(Especially after installing Ubuntu)
5.) Keyboard works well with my fat fingers

CONS:
1.) Google (Not a big deal, but it is to some people)
2.) Chrome OS is very limited
3.) Screen could be better and brighter

As I stated in my title, you can get Skype up and running on it with in about 45 minutes of receiving your chromebook. Do some research on Crouton. It will allow you to run Ubuntu simultaneously with Chrome OS, which greatly improves what you can do with this machine online and offline. Once you have Ubuntu running, you can install Skype...and it does work! In fact, I haven't found anything that doesn't quite work with it yet....Well, I guess Microsoft office, but there are programs out there that are practically the same...for instance, Openoffice.

Need proof on Skype, just leave a comment. Questions, feel free to ask."
"Poor quality control - go with a Samsung, I am an IT Technician for a smaller school district and felt I had to review this product... We needed about 400 chromebooks for our district, and chose the Acer over the Samsung because we felt this one seemed sturdier (while the Samsung XE303 seemed a little flimsy). While that is true, the quality control seems to be terrible. After about a month of use, we have sent at least 15 almost-new chromebooks in for repair already. We ordered a large batch of Samsungs last year and only had 1 or 2 that were defective. Issues with the Acers center mostly on the screen backlight, with several other issues as well.

In addition, we have found that Acer's customer support is frustrating to deal with as well (which seems to be located overseas!) They rarely offer to pay the shipping for the defective chromebook repair, and are just a pain to deal with in general. In contrast, Samsung has excellent customer service with clear-speaking representatives and will pay the shipping both ways without question.

In summary, while the Acers seem sturdier, the Samsungs seem to be more reliable overall, and have much better warranty support."
"Why I prefer the Chromebook to my Nexus 10 Tablet  I find the Acer C720 Chromebook is the best combination of price, quality, speed, and battery life among the several Chromebooks on the market. It serves a introduction to computing for new users and as a good traveling computer for PC users. Acer and YouTube have many tutorials on the features and use of Chromebooks. Check these out before you buy.

Tablets and Chromebooks are similar in a lot of ways. They are primarily for online use, they have very short boot up times, they don't drain much power in standby mode, and the price range is about the same. My Acer C720 boots in less than 10 seconds and goes several days in standby without a recharge. and cost $200. My Nexus 10 cost $400. Both tablets and Chromebooks require much less upkeep than a PC, for things like backup and virus protection. And the complexity is much reduced from that of a PC. There are fewer options, so there is less confusion in learning how to accomplish the tasks you want to do on a computing device. And, every hacker is not trying to download stuff on your device that you don't want. So when you evaluate a Chromebook, compare it more to a tablet rather than a PC.

Where Chromebooks and tablets differ is in productivity. Tablets have a touchscreen and apps which are convenient for consuming information, but the browsers are substandard compared to a PC, and there is no real keyboard for data entry. In that respect, Chromebooks are much more like a PC. For new users contemplating buying a PC, a Chromebook is a much shorter path to learning how to use a PC, than a tablet. For less than half the price of a PC a Chromebook is a cheap and easy way to get into computing, and it may be all that a lot of people will ever need.

The Chromebook can be set up to do the same things you can do on a PC with the Google Chrome browser. However, it's not limited to Google applications, only applications that work within the Chrome browser. Any web application that works in the PC Chrome browser works on a Chromebook. For example, Microsoft SkyDrive, Netflix, Spotify, Pandora, RSS readers, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, gmail, Outlook mail, etc, all work in the Chrome browser so they also work on a Chromebook just like they work on a PC. This is not true of tablets. Tablet apps are configured differently from PC applications.

If you're using the Chrome browser now on your PC you know that it has many extensions like Add This sharing, Readability, Hangouts, free Google phone calling, etc. These are all available on the Chromebook. As a PC user, my Chromebook fits my particular needs much better than my Nexus 10 tablet. About the only thing I use my Nexus 10 for now are things like Hangouts, and other casual activities that don't require input.?"
High-pitch noise and crappy trackpad, I love Google -- I use their apps for everything -- and I definitely use my home computer primarily for email and online shopping, so I figured a Chromebook would be perfect; however, after having only a MacBook for the last few years, I'm having a very hard time adjusting to the lag and overall inaccuracy of the trackpad on the Chromebook. This alone would be no big deal considering how little I paid for this guy, but on top of that, there is this awful, faint, high-pitched sound that intermittently comes and goes while I'm using the Chromebook. Many people may not be able to hear it, but if you have sensitive ears (i.e., you've experienced going into someone else's home or office and you need to leave because either a TV, computer or lamp is making a sound that's driving you insane and nobody else can hear it), you might want to steer clear. I Googled, and according to a couple of threads on Reddit, I'm not the only one who has this problem with the C720. Aside from these two complaints, it's definitely a great product for the price, but I probably wouldn't have bought it if I'd known about these drawbacks in advance.
"Great buy for college students!  The Acer C720 is the perfect laptop for students. I just bought this chromebook from Best Buy primarily because I wanted something light and compact to carry around campus. I have a Windows laptop that's fully loaded with a SSD, Core i7, 8gb ram, etc. All of that is fast but my laptop weights nearly 7 pounds and honestly those specs are overkill for what I need. I'm a biochem major so I don't need fancy AutoCAD or photoshop programs. All I need is document editing, browser, and a PDF viewer.

The first thing I tried once I bought this little guy was opening up my PDF textbooks. I put the text books on my flashdrive, transferred them to the onboard storage and it worked! The textbooks open up offline in Chromes PDF viewer. It's brilliant! That was my main concern. I uploaded my entire iTunes library (about 4,000 songs) on to Google Music. It took several hours to upload but now I have all of my music on the cloud and it's ALWAYS with me. Yes, you will need an internet connection to listen to it but my campus has wifi everywhere. I even get connection outside between buildings.

In terms of hardware, this chromebook is much thinner in person than it appears in the pictures. It is also quite a bit smaller than I was expecting but that's not a bad thing. The keyboard is slightly smaller than I would like and the keys are extremely shallow. It doesn't bother me but it'll take me a little bit to get used to. People have been saying that the trackpad is loose but I don't find that the case. I actually find it rather pleasant to use and it has many gestures that come on Apple computers. The screen is awesome on this. Sure it's not an IPS but this matte display has ample brightness, clarity, and size. I quite enjoy it. The speakers were surprising. I was expecting something sub par but for a $199 laptop, they really deliver. The bass could be stronger but I think they sound nice as they are. Lastly, the batter is awesome! The computer had no charge when I got it but it took less than an hour to charge to 100% once I plugged it in. When I unplugged it, it should 9:42 till empty! WOW! That's with two tabs open.

For those wondering how the 2gb compares to the 4gb, I've got to say that the 4gb is overkill unless you open more than 30 tabs some of which are all playing video at the same time. Who does that though? I typically have 4-5 open. Occasionally, I could get up to 10 but that doesn't slow this machine down at all. I'm glad I went with the 2gb as I would never find use for the extra 2 gb of ram.

This is definitely a great buy. I was really hesitant for about a month. I just couldn't decide but with Best Buys holiday return policy, I decided to give it a try. I definitely will not be returning this. In fact, I think I will be using this way more than my Windows laptop."
"What a chromebook should be!,  I've owned several chromebooks. I've owned the original CR-48 prototype, the Samsung Series 5, and the Samsung Series 3. I can honestly say this is the best chromebook so far. The build quality is what I would expect for $199, but it is solid and light. Many reviewers complain about the screen, but it is fine (on par with the Samsung series 3). It is a matte finish and you have to appreciate the anti-glare viewing you will get outside.

The major selling points for me regarding this chromebook are the battery and the processing power. I have many computers, but nothing browses the web and renders web pages faster than this chromebook. It does boot in 7 seconds or less and you can have many tabs open and still browse with great speed. The keyboard and mouse are sufficient too. I would put them in the ""average"" category and they get the job done. There are no issues and it is easy enough to type that I am writing this review on the chromebook.

The battery life is also exceptional. I easily get 7 hours on a charge and rarely have to carry the (also light and small) charger. That is a plus for me as a student and a teacher.

The C720 won't win any beauty contests (unlike the HP 11 Chromebook) but the beauty is on the inside. If you want a chromebook, this is the best of the bunch in this price range. I will not be getting rid of this chromebook anytime soon. This is what a chromebook should be!"
"Fantastic, compact computer with great usability, If you've been averse to Chromebooks before, you're like me. There was always something that held me back. Build quality, lack of computing power, bad battery life, etc. This one caught my eye, with its specs anyway. The design of the computer is understated, but the color scheme is nice, as well as the build quality for a budget computer. Expansion slots are rather generous for this price point as well, featuring USB 2.0 and 3.0 ports, an SD card slot, and an HDMI out so I can expand my desktop and watch movies or videos on my TV if I want. The only downside is that the shiny black bezel around the screen is rather reflective. I'm not really sure why they went that route when the rest of the materials are pretty on point.

The performance and battery life are where this computer shines the most though. With only 2GB of RAM, you might think that it will be sluggish. You'd be totally wrong. With the newest Intel Celeron Processor with the Haswell Architecture, this thing not only performs well above its class in speed, it simply outdoes any of the previous Chromebooks that are anywhere near this price range. Startup is merely seconds. That processor also helps keep battery life very good. I've been using this computer going on 3 weeks now and I've noticed days where I used it for 7+ hours and I still had decent battery life remaining. A lot of this depends on what you're using your computer for; whether you're working on text in WorkFlowy, have 8 windows open in Chrome, or have your screen brightness up pretty high watching videos. I typically keep mine at around 2/3 brightness, as I don't work in very bright places, nor do I need it to be bright.

The keyboard is very nice, even though the spacing in the chiclet keys take some getting used to if you're coming from a more traditional PC keyboard. The Function keys at top are replaced by just keys that do functions. Makes it simple and way easier to use than some more feature-heavy Windows laptops. The speakers, which are underneath the laptop, are actually pretty decent considering how small they are. I prefer to just use headphones anyway, so that's not really a deal breaker for me. The touchpad is really nice too, considering the price. Multi-finger gestures work flawlessly and the feel of the pad is very comfortable. The ""click"" of the pad, if you press down, is pretty noisy, but you really don't need to use it at all.

I've been getting lots of questions from friends and co-workers about this little machine and I can't help but highly recommend it, just as long as you know what you're delving into. There is a learning curve if you've never used ChromeOS before, which I hadn't, but there are handy how-to's and guides built into the OS to help you on your way. As ChromeOS gets updates and the community of WebApps expands, these machines are going to the be at the forefront of a new revolution of computing."
"Absolutely fantastic product, far exceeded my expectations I've been reading about Chromebooks all year; the concept was pretty intriguing, despite the fact that I have a bunch of other/similar devices: an entry-level Sony Vaio from 2011, an X51 Alienware desktop PC for gaming, a 2011 Kindle Fire, and a Moto X smartphone. So why add a Chromebook?

I wanted a multi-use device that could...

Stream music from my Amazon Cloud
Stream instant video from Amazon (great selection of kids stuff) and Netflix
Run full versions of websites
Have a full keyboard, for writing emails or various other things

The Chromebook does all this stuff for basically the same price as a tablet, but it is much closer to a full function PC than a tablet is. I like it as a video device far more than a tablet. I like it for using the web far more than a tablet or smartphone. For items not related to gaming, it has basically replaced my laptop in its entirety.

About Chrome OS and this device: I'm currently streaming music from Amazon with 9 Chrome tabs open and have no issues at all. I have a hard time understanding what people need 4GB RAM for with this device; how is it useful to open 15+ Chrome tabs? I haven't run into any performance issues at all. The boot time is absurd. 7 seconds may be underestimating. It also shuts off instantly when you hit shutdown.

Thus far I've had no real issues with the Chrome store or apps; Google Docs is fine so far for working with MS Word items, and in fact Google Drive is now installed on all my devices because I've started doing my writing on this device. Remote Desktop lets you connect to any of your Windows PCs for using Windows programs through those computers if you really need to, though I imagine I'd have to be using this more for work to need that for anything.

I've used this to watch a decent amount of content on Netflix and Amazon Instant. The screen is... ok. It isn't all that bright and won't ""wow"" you but as a portable mini-TV it does the job. My son loves watching his kids shows on this, which lets us reclaim the real TV for our purposes. Speaker quality is likewise functional but won't blow you away. Headphones are the way to go when possible. As it relates to both of these, I'm perfectly happy with the quality for the price.

I didn't have any issues with the keyboard, I'm normally a 90 WPM typer and am probably a bit slower on this, more due to the size than anything. I actually like the trackpad to be honest. Not sure why folks don't. It isn't the worlds greatest but is way better than the one on my Dell PC from work and perhaps marginally worse than the one on my Vaio. My basic Logitech wireless mouse worked fine with the Chromebook, but I stopped using it pretty quickly as I got used to the trackpad. The dual-finger scrolling and chrome forward/backward helps a lot.

Battery life is pretty nuts. I've gotten about 7 hours of pure video streaming. At the high end, just off the charger, you get some arbitrarily high readings (like 9+ hours) but I think the claimed 8 hours is probably accurate.

The fact that you can ""hack"" this thing into installing Ubuntu is awesome. I haven't done it yet, but the concept is very cool. Native gaming in Chrome OS is miserable outside a few highlights; I'd say the main one is the Chrome version of Bastion, which suggests companies COULD make some great games if they wanted to. But with Ubuntu, you can theoretically play Linux-compatible games you may have; I know I have a bunch from Humble Bundle (such as FTL) that should run great on this laptop, even if it wasn't meant to do so. I bet it can run older games very well also, such as Half Life 2 or the original Portal. My next project is to play around and see if I can pull off Steam and if the 16GB SSD can handle something like that. If so, I'd give this thing... six stars? Can't really give it more than I already am.

Anyway... know what you're getting into here. This isn't a full Windows laptop. You can install Linux and access a lot of full-featured laptop programs that way, but even still, your hard drive space is limited and this may be beyond the basic users capabilities. If you do video compiling, music or photo editing, gaming, etc. as your main laptop activities, this would need to be a 2nd computer for you. If you find yourself using alternate devices like a smartphone or tablet in your house for watching movies, listening to music, or browsing the web, you might get great mileage out of this device. I know I have.

Highly, highly recommended device. I love this thing.

EDIT: Just over 90 days of use later, and I can tell you that I've completely fallen in love with this device. It is the fastest Chrome device in my house, far faster than the dual-core Sony Vaio it replaced and even faster than my core i7 Haswell gaming desktop. I've installed Ubuntu 13.04 and 13.10, both XFCE and Unity, through both USB 3.0 and SD card, and played Minecraft and Steam games on this thing. The batter life is still epic. What else is there to say? This is, hands down, the single best value buy in all of computing right now.

If you want to read more about Chromebooks and you're not sure if they're right for you, check this out: [...]"
"Everything I Need, Nothing I Don't I've had my chromebook for a couple weeks now and it's just the perfect thing for me. I'm not a gamer and I'm not a customization-obsessed geek, I'm just an average computer user who likes to surf the net, process photos, do a little word processing and spreadsheet action, stream videos, read some books.

It's true that without wifi access it's kind of a doorstop, but not entirely. You can still work on documents or spreadsheets, respond to emails (although you can't send them until wifi is restored) and play a wide variety of simple offline games when there's no internet. You can plug in a USB and watch a movie, if you planned ahead.

The thing charges completely in less than 2 hours and my experience has been that it holds a charge anywhere between 5.5 and 11 hours depending on what you are doing. If you are steadily streaming one video after another, it's closer to 5.5 hours; if you're just web surfing and reading articles, it lasts much longer. I LOVE how fast it boots up and shuts down. I love that there is virtually no lag, ever, when I want to stream videos or music, and that pages load super-fast, even with a couple of dozen tabs open.

The size is perfect for me - the keyboard is ever so slightly smaller than a normal keyboard, but it is close enough that I don't really have to alter my typing at all to use it. I had an Eee before and the keys were too small and it slowed me down, but that is not a problem with the chromebook. The screen is big enough to be pleasant watching movies and to easily view webpages without having to scroll all over, but the chromebook is small and light enough for me to put in my purse to carry with.

I was torn between buying a chromebook or a tablet, but I am so glad I went with the chromebook. When I want to type, I want to REALLY type - and doing anything longer than a Twitter update on a tablet just feels uncomfortably fiddly to me. The chromebook gives me all of the benefits of a tablet but with a bigger screen and keyboard to make all of my tasks more comfortable. And for under $200 total? Get outta here.

EDIT: I've had it for a few months now and I am still totally in love. This is the best $200 I have ever spent. Seriously."
"My first Chromebook. Satisfied!, I was looking for portable, handy laptop that I could carry anywhere. So, I was looking for light, long lasting laptop. At first, I marked Macbook, and almost purchased when I saw price drop in last Oct.
At first, this Chromebook was not attracted because of its OS which does not have useful app's for engineer. However when I found out that I could run Ubuntu, I googled detailed info like performance and usability. And I decided.
It's been almost three weeks since I purchased this one, and I almost satisfied with my c720 with Ubuntu 13.10 OS installed.

Pro.
1. light enough to carry everywhere, even in my messenger bag.
2. long battery life. (I noticed that I can use more than 6 hours, which is enough for my day to day journey.)
3. performance. (It feel like almost as fast as my office laptop which have 2TB 7200rpm hard disk with dual core ivy bridge CPU, even though it is actually slower. I guess that 16G of SSD and latest intel CPU may counts.)

Con.
1. touchpad is not responding well like other laptops do. I couldn't find the reasons, but it works well when I put my c720 on my palm.
2. rough edge of plastics. because the finish is not as clean as HP or Samsung that I've been using. it looks cheap.
3. keyboard is not properly mounted. it feels like upper left center of keyboard is not properly mounted.

Even though it has some con's, with $199, it feel like bargain. I can now do my jobs like developing softwares and managing servers from anywhere."
"LCD Screen is Extremely Delicate Warning, I was very happy with the Chromebook operating system. I used this for general browsing. In the past, I had another competitor netbook (not to be named!) for 3 years for the same general purpose, and had a great experience- I was looking forward to having the Chromebook.

Unfortunately, I chose to ignore reviews across a variety of sites that warned of flimsy lcd screens, that easily broke. I'm a single, 30 year old woman, who has never sent a product in for a warranty repair. I'd say I'm a dream consumer- I don't have problems with electronics, and I have light wear and tear use. However, upon opening my Chromebook that I had owned for 2 months, the screen was distorted, and I was to learn that this was my fault- the warranty will not cover cracked screens. The screen never fell, was only used by myself, not brought on a trip... was at my home, and I would easily categorize the use as light. I'm very disappointed that the screen would not be able to tolerate light use, and I find this unacceptable for a product. The repair facility would decrease screen repairs to $75, but it didn't feel worth it to keep this chromebook with this overall issue. I should have listened to other warnings by reviewers, and yet, I felt like my light use would not cause a problem for myself, and so I wanted to share my experience- with light, non-frequent use in the optimal environment (I don't even have a cat!) caused issues that I felt were unacceptable (even at this low price, use of less than 2 months is not worth the price). I would very much suggest looking for a chromebook with a better made lcd screen."
If I would of known how awesome this little laptop is I would of bought one for everyone in my family this X-mas. I was pleasantly surprised to watch Netflix through the HDMI with no problem at all. SD card with HD videos straight out of my camera played instantly with out any dropped frames. Special web based scripting services worked perfectly for my job. The sound is good for a laptop and can get really loud when watching YouTube cooking videos in a noisy kitchen. The Chrome browser launch is nearly instantaneous. The webcam has no latency and a fast frame rate. Absolutely nothing lagged or flaked out. Not one annoying pop up or distraction. This little laptop is so perfect and costs $80 less than Apple Care on the new Macbook Pro ($279 Apple Care $1399 Macbook Pro) The cost, speed, capability and battery life of this particular model make for a product not seen before. I find much more uses for this laptop with the low anxiety/price. If I lose it or it gets wet/smashed it's not the end of the world. I didn't buy a case because I'm hoping it will eventually become all scratched and worn like a pair of favourite jeans. Chromebooks have a real future.
Get this! Its soooo worth it!, I have only great things to say about this laptop! i loooooooooove it! the battery life is so on point, it really lasts forever! durable body great for what i needed! the shipping was super fast and i recieved it in excellent condition....very very well wrapped and secure! overall very satisfied with this item and i would recommed to everyone!
"Exactly what I wanted I personally purchased the 4gb ram version, but it's basically the same thing...

I honestly love this thing, I use it constantly, but this is due tot he fact that I use chrome os AND debian linux. Many people that have given this a poor rating is because they believe it needs internet access to do anything. They obviously bought this type of computer for the wrong reason, and not enough knowledge. If you want to use it as an only online computer in chrome os, go ahead... But that is only using half of the potential, if not less, that this machine has to offer.

Personally I use this computer for programming, and as a media device to randomly plug into tv's and such. I also use this any time I am not at home, seeing as it is so portable and has an easy 10 hours of battery life, its great.

Another reason people dislike this product is because it can't play games. Well it can... Personally I don't game on this computer, I have another computer dedicated to that, and I use the chromebook to be productive, but if I really wanted to, I could install steam on any decent version of linux (debian, arch, fedora, centos, ubuntu, etc.) and play games. I have seen people play Skyrim on this chromebook (albeit on the lowest graphics settings).

Overall, it is a great computer, but you should really try and unleash the full potential of it yourself, or else you won't be having the best time you could with your new chromebook.

EDIT: An easy way to make your chromebook run chrome os and another version of linux is to google search ""crouton"" and go to the ""dnschneid/crouton · GitHub"" entry, and follow the instructions. It basically installs the chosen distro of linux inside chrome os, and you run it inside chrome os, allowing you to seamlessly switch between both os's at any time with a simple key combo. Personally I use Debian Jessie with LXDE, if you don't know what I just said, just follow the instructions, which will give you Ubuntu with XFCE.

Also, to do this you need to have your chromebook in developer mode. You can do this by:

-Press and hold the Esc+F3 (Refresh) keys, then press the Power button. This enters recovery mode.
-Now, press Ctrl+D (no prompt). It will ask you to confirm, then the system will revert its state and enable developer mode.
-Press Ctrl+D (or wait 30 seconds for the beep and boot) at the white boot splash screen to enter Chrome OS.
(copied from arch wiki)

GOING INTO DEV MODE FOR THE FIRST TIME WILL ERASE ANYTHING YOU HAD ON YOUR CHROMEBOOK, SO BACK IT UP!"
"exactly what I needed  Background: I'm a student, and I was looking for a light and portable (under 3lb) computer which could quietly and quickly handle multitasking use of a word processor, netflix, social stuff (email/FB) and spotify. My criteria was pretty simple. I also love Google products. I've had this laptop for ~3 weeks, and I love it.

The best:
- It's so light. Seriously.
- $250. So cheap. SO CHEAP.
- It boots up completely in 5-7 seconds.
- 8.5 hours of battery life. Actually.
- The fan is SO QUIET. I can't hear it at all. (On my old laptop, the fan was so hot you couldn't have the computer on your lap. It was also so loud, you couldn't hear music playing off the built in speakers.)
- Once you get used to it, you will use the keyboard shortcuts. This is one thing I particularly love about Chrome OS. On a Windows computer, you've got so many different programs running from different developers, and so you're limited in your shortcuts. But when everything is Chrome, you can standardize your shortcuts. I use them all the time. Everything runs in Chrome windows, so I'm constantly using new window, new tab, close window, minimize window, etc. Also, the built in ""refresh"" ""back"" ""forward"" ""full screen"" and ""switch window"" buttons on the keyboard are gold.
- Also, two finger scroll. Yes.
- If you're working late at night and want minimal brightness... The low settings on this are fantastic.
- I bought the 32GB version, and I doubt I'll use all the memory. Also, there are two USB ports on this thing, so you can always plug in storage. (FYI, speaking of ports, there is also an SD card slot, and a mini HDMI port.)
- The speakers are surprisingly loud and decent quality. You won't have any problems (at all) with spoken-word audio. I can happily tolerate listening to music on them too, but I prefer headphones (that's kind of a given, this is a cheap chromebook after all. I wasn't expecting a fancy media device).

The things you need to know, which could be good or bad or maybe you don't care:
- It's a Chrome OS. Duh.
- The keys aren't backlit (but fyi, they're not uncomfortably small).
- There is no CD/DVD drive.
- There's no delete key, but you won't miss it.
- Also no caps lock key, but it's replaced by a search key which accesses all your files and apps as well as the internet.
- There's no page up or page down buttons, but again, you probably won't notice once you get used to shift+up arrow/down arrow.
- 11.6"" screen, again, duh. I like it, actually. My 16in screen feels unnecessarily large.
- In direct sunlight, it's usable, but not the best. It has a semi-matte screen, so there's no reflection, it's just a little dark. I haven't had any problems the few times I've used it outside.
- The laptop comes with, like, ten free GoGo In-Flight wifi passes.
- It doesn't attract many fingerprints.
- Apparently it does automatic security updates. So that's cool. I noticed an unobtrusive pop-up the other day notifying me I was safe, so I guess it's working.

The bad:
- The ports are kind of tight. This isn't really significant - don't rip your headphones or USB out, just exercise reasonable care and you shouldn't need to worry.

If you can handle Chrome OS, and you want something portable and fast with awesome battery life... This a wonderful computer. No complaints."
"Fantastic value. But not sure yet if good for heavy users, I've had my new Acer C720 for about a week now. The price was certainly appealing, and when the 32GB SSD model came out for $250, I knew it was time to take the leap. This is my first Chromebook.

This review covers both the C720 and the Chromebook platform (Chrome OS) itself. They are largely inseparable.

GOOD:
1. For $250 (or less if you opt for only 16 GB SSD) you get a laptop! Putting aside any other considerations, this alone is enough reason to buy.
2. There's a lot to love about the C720. It's extremely thin and lightweight (as a Chromebook should be), has amazing battery life, and appears solidly constructed.
3. If you are like me and already a heavy Google user, making the switch to Chromebook makes a lot of sense. Who needs all that Microsoft bloatware anyway? Not me! In exchange for living without MS Office and certain other software, I get a laptop with 8 hours battery life for very little money. And you gotta love the 7 second startup time!
4. There are other advantages to Chromebooks too numerous to mention here. Suffice it to say, I'm way happier with the service I've gotten from Google than I ever was Microsoft or Apple. And there's no additional money to pay.
5. The bonus 100 GB of online storage in Google Drive comes in handy! I've already backed up my mp3's, photos, and documents. If something ever happens to this computer -- or any of my computers -- I feel like my stuff is safe.
6. The free GoGo Inflight Wi-Fi passes are also nice. Though I wish they were valid for more than a year.

NOT SURE:
1. As with many other Chromebook models, the C720 goes into sleep mode if you close the lid. Even with quick recovery time, this is still a bit annoying. But it does make the battery last even longer.

MEH:
1. I'm not overly thrilled with the limited keyboard. Where are my ""home"" and ""delete"" keys?? [ALT][DOWN] is a poor substitute for ""page down."" I do like the simplified function keys, which *almost* make up for the keys I miss. But not quite. This is my least favorite thing about this laptop, and it makes me think it may not be the best for power users.
2. I miss my trackpad ""left click"" and ""right click"" buttons. I'm getting used to having just a trackpad with no buttons, but even after a lot of practice, navigating and highlighting (and especially ""right clicking"") are still difficult for me. I would have gladly paid an extra $10 to have trackpad butons.
3. Google Docs have come a long way, and at this point they do *most* of the same things as their Microsoft equivalents. But let's admit something here: they are not as good yet. I also miss Photoshop. And basics, like Notepad. (Yes, the Chrome store sells Notepad equivalents, but they just aren't the same.)

SUMMARY: I love this laptop and feel like a genius for only paying $249. It's exactly what I need, and great for me since I already have a deep relationship with Google products. But it's not without drawbacks. Power users may want to stick with Microsoft or Apple. For me, though, the drawback are easily worth never having to deal with Microsoft or Apple again. They are evil and want all your money.
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews 
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Report abuse | Permalink
Comment Comment (1)


35 of 41 people found the following review helpful
1.0 out of 5 stars Acer C720 Lasted less than 90 days, warranty won't cover., June 3, 2014
By Russell - See all my reviews
Verified Purchase(What's this?)
This review is from: Acer C720 Chromebook (11.6-Inch, 2GB) (Personal Computers)
I purchased the Acer C720 less than 3 months ago on March 20th and the display developed a black spot on the left side and multi colored lines running up and down the screen. Contacted Acer for warranty repair and was informed that they would not cover this as they said it was from physical damage and that was not covered. They offered their standard laptop repair at $199, same price I payed for it. Acer did offer to repair for $99 for ""customer satisfaction"", but I don't think spending an additional $99 for such a fragile device is worth it. I think I'll put that $99 towards the purchase a better built product. I'm very disappointed that Acer won't honor their one year warranty period. I was happy with the speed of this Chromebook, but the quality of the Acer C720 is very poor by my standards. My first and last Acer product.
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews 
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Report abuse | Permalink
Comment Comment (1)


19 of 21 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars Great alternative for your aging parents or anybody who isn't keen on computers, January 12, 2014
By Josh - See all my reviews
Verified Purchase(What's this?)
This review is from: Acer C720 Chromebook (11.6-Inch, 2GB) (Personal Computers)
I purchased this Chromebook for my mom to replace her aging ThinkPad Windows notebook computer.

Some background: A few years ago my dad who is in his 80's switched from a Windows laptop to the iPad and has absolutely loved it. Previously I was always having to make house calls to fix his Windows laptop since there were so many random ways that he could change the settings, drag and drop things to the wrong place, have issues with the internet, etc. The switch to the iPad gave him a very consistent environment that doesn't provide an easy way to accidentally change settings or do anything that will prevent him from getting on the internet, checking his e-mail, etc. To top it all off he really likes the interface as he was never really a keyboard and mouse person anyways.

Fast forward to today... My mom, who's in her 70's, was always having similar issues with her laptop. Problems connecting to the internet, issues with losing icons on the desktop, figuring out bookmarks, accessing her mail, etc. The catalyst was when she complained that the computer no longer was lasting very long without being plugged into power. She doesn't like the iPad design since she prefers and keyboard and also likes to sit the computer on a table with the screen visible without having to hold it. I already had her setup with a Google account since she uses Gmail so the Chromebook was a natural choice for me to consider for her.

When the Chromebook arrived I set it up with her Google account and then gave it to her accompanied by a brief lesson on how to use it. Needless to say this thing is levels and levels beyond her old Windows computer. It boots AMAZINGLY fast. From a full power-off state it boots up and is ready to use in about 6 seconds!

The integration with Google is of course very tight. Once she is logged into the computer she is also logged into Google so her e-mail is just available right away rather than her having to go to the Gmail website and enter her username and password again.

The hardware design is also great. This thing is very lightweight and slim. It is like a luxury item compared to her old computer even though the Chromebook cost just a fraction of her old one!

So far she has been using it without any problems. I can judge how good a product is for the average user based on how many ""tech support"" calls I get from my parents. In the case of the Chromebook the support calls have dropped significantly!

If you are looking for the ideal computer for an older relative or for somebody who just isn't into all the technical aspects of traditional computers then this is a great low-cost solution. The overall design and form is perfect for being mobile and the operating system itself is very streamlined and simple, yet powerful enough to get all the usual internet needs (browsing the web, e-mail, etc.) taken care of."
"A Decent Laptop… I got this laptop last year when it just got launched. I now took time to write a review for it.

First up - it is a bit unfair to not only the buyer but also to Google/Acer to market this as a ""laptop"". It is not a laptop - it was never meant to be.

This device is meant for those who spend most of the time working on the Internet and can use Google Docs as a tool rather than traditional Office suites.

Good stuff:

1. It is super light-weight
2. It boots up very quickly thanks to its SSD Hard Drive
3. Google gives you 100GB of Cloud storage
4. The keyboard is very responsive
5. Since the entire OS is the browser itself and you pretty much exist on the cloud for your computing needs - the chances of malware, viruses etc. are minimal
6. It is silent - it does not get hot - probably consumers minimum power - which means it is a fairly energy efficient too.
7. The best part - the battery - it goes on and on with a single charge.

Actually, that is all I can think of. The Chromebook is a great device for those on the move and like their tablet. It is definitely a more productive device than a Tablet. A tab is pretty much just for entertainment. This easily trumps that as you can do actual quick work on this. This will never be your primary computing device - you will need your regular PC for that. But as a secondary or tertiary device, this is nothing short of brilliant."
EXCELLENT COMPUTER, VERY WELL BUILT, FAST, SERVES PURPOSE WELL!  I bought one of these to gain experience with Chrome and this aspect of cloud computing since I teach at DePaul University in Chicago and a lot of it via distance learning. Several of my students are now using Chromebooks and I need to be able to support them. This is an excellent device! It has a very responsive keyboard, bright and very clear screen, in fact I can't tell much of a difference between this and my iPad 2. It is very fast to come up and even faster to shut down. It also responds fast to web accesses. It's got a great looking case that doesn't smudge up with fingerprints. But one of the biggest surprises was the number of useful apps available free from the Chromebook store. I am still exploring many of these but it seems I have found more apps useful to me available here than I actually do on the iPad, although I am not much for games or social networking. I much appreciate having a real keyboard rather than a virtual one or one that has to be carried around separately or in a case. I compared specs and reviews on Samsung and HP 11 before buying and one reviewer found this faster than either of those. Glad I read that review because I saved $50 over the Samsung and $80 over the HP! I was tempted by the avante garde appearance of the HP but I am very pleased with the Acer 720 and will be recommending it to students who need a very light weight, easy to use and economical computer for web, essay writing, and general purpose records-keeping. I highly recommend this to anyone with similar needs. You cannot go wrong with this, and it would be excellent for middle and high school use, much more suited to student use at those levels than the iPads that the Los Angeles Unified School District is currently issuing to 655,000 students at a cost of over $1 billion. This device could meet that purpose for less than 1/3 of the cost, and it would meet that purpose better.
Acer C720 is a nice upgrade from the C710 I have C720 with 4 gigs of Ram. It is a nice upgrade from the c710. The Intel Haswell process is faster than the chip in the C710, and the battery life is much much longer, which I find useful. The 8.5 hour estimate for the battery seems reasonably accurate. Really an amazing value at the price. The offline capacity is improving, and I find myself using the Chromebook to create slides for presentations, and write, off line. I'm not sure who will want the 4 gig model, which is somewhat more expensive. For me, the added memory was worth it, but for many, the 2 gig model will be fine, and I would not hesitate to buy or recomend the 2 gig model for a child, parent, or co-worker. While somewhat more clunky in appearance, the Acer Chromebooks have more zip than the Samsung ARM Chromebook, and are probably faster than the new HP ARM Chromebook. The keyboard is not the best I have seen on any laptop, but I liked it, and find it quite useable, probably above average for machines close to this price.
"Convenient & Great Price!, I use a heavy desktop replacement laptop to run engineering software and play games, but wanted something light that I could stick in my bag so that I could be productive on the go. I considered buying a tablet, but the lack of keyboard was a definite deal breaker and I didn't want to experiment with the pricey tablet / laptop hybrids.

To be honest, I bought the Acer C720 Chromebook because the $200 price tag was attractive enough to give Chrome OS a try. My expectations were not high, but after a month of usage I am here to say that this product is awesome!The Chromebook is very light, feels durable and awakens/sleeps (when you open/close the lid) almost instantaneously. Between working on documents, writing emails and watching videos, the battery lasts at least 6 hours on a single charge and doesn't seem to ever overheat or make fan noises. It's very quiet and cool.

Lately I've been using this just to marathon through my favorite TV shows and will make just one comment on actual performance speed. For the price of $200, it's understandable that the hardware won't be able to handle my bad habit of using ""open in new tab"" for each new video on my YouTube subscriptions list. Initially the load is slow and the flash plugin may even crash, but for all you normal people who open and watch one video at a time (and avoids having a 100 tabs), then this Chromebook will always run smoothly! The screen and picture quality is satisfactory, there are 2 USB ports available for my mouse (never liked using just the touch-pad), and there's an HDMI port to connect to my HDTV. I'm used to having DropBox take care of my cloud files, but duplicating it into Google Drive was simple and clean. Also glad that there is still hard-drive space for me to download school and work files to. I myself did not see the need to pay an additional $50 for the extra 16 GBs but that is more of a personal preference, as is the $100 extra for touch screen capability.

Conclusion: This product is great for casual use (videos, social media) or light work (email, google docs, blogging) and is even good enough to use as a main computer as long as you don't need specific software for work or play. With Black Friday around the corner, I'm planning to buy this again for my mother. Her only requirement is access to Facebook so that she can stalk me, but that's alright mom, I got you covered."
"Detailed review of probably the best Chromebook on the market today, To start, this Chromebook is the best one I have ever owned. I read the reviews before buying and like many of us, was still a little skeptical because of how affordable it was ($239 at the time I purchased it.) So far, this is what I have used it for and following is a list of pros and cons I've noticed in the month I've had it:

I'm a nursing student and use this for taking notes of lectures in Google Docs 80% of the time. Because I'm in an accelerated program, I sometimes have 4 or more classes per day which requires me to be running multiple tabs at the same time, searching through folders, streaming video, downloading things from Google Drive, changing and adding classes and tests to Calendar, and so forth. This Chromebook never misses a beat. It can handle as many tabs open as you could possibly ever need. For college, I really don't think you could possibly need anything more powerful or anything Windows or Mac based... in short, this thing just works. Now here's the pros and cons:

PROS:
- It's lightweight yet still feels pretty sturdy even though the case is plastic.

- The battery life is AMAZING. I can't stress this enough. I use this Chromebook all day for note taking and browsing the internet for school and at the end of the day, I seriously am at about 70% battery power remaining! The nice thing about that is I can stop at a Starbucks or something on the way home to study my notes with plenty of battery power left. No more carrying an AC adapter around! Once I get home, I can log on to my Windows computer and everything is there, fully synced in my Google Drive. I plug the Chromebook in and charge it up for the next day. No power issues at all.

- The WiFi works flawlessly, connects quickly to any available network, and is able to pickup the signal very well. It picks up WiFi signals way better than my previous Windows laptop and even better than my Galaxy Note phone.

- The keys are spaced out nicely so you don't feel cramped when typing. They're not too noisy where you're going to bother other classmates while typing, and they feel sturdy. Not a whole lot of flexing or anything while typing. In short, it doesn't feel cheap.

- Boot-up time is what they claim... 7 seconds or less. If you keep it on but close the lid, it puts it to sleep and when you go to use it again, it's ready to go before you even finish lifting the screen up.

- The sound quality is way better than I expected from a Chromebook. I'd venture to say it's even better than most laptops. You can crank the volume up if needed and it is loud yet still clear. Obviously using headphones will give you better sound quality but you get really good sound from these speakers alone.

THE CONS:

- The screen... oh, the screen... where do I begin... As others have mentioned, it leaves much to be desired. The quality of the picture is pretty poor for anything beyond note-taking, browsing the web, and watching some YouTube videos. The screen just looks sort of muddy and washed out. It's also pretty small at just over 11"" which makes having multiple windows open side by side almost impossible. But, you're sacrificing screen real estate for compactness so it's a trade-off that you'll have to decide if you're willing to make as Acer now makes the Chromebook 13 which, for about $40 more, has a much better screen that is full 1080p and offers a faster processor (more on the Chromebook 13's processor below.)

- Top cover/screen design: When closing the lid and carrying the Chromebook around in my messenger bag, the design of the keyboard allows part of the keyboard to touch the screen, leaving a scratch-like line across the screen, near the middle top. I tried rubbing it to see if it would go away and it didn't. Using a cleaning cloth I was able to make it less noticeable, however, it's still there and I imagine will only get worse over time. I may talk to Acer about this and see if this is a common problem, and if not, if I can get my Chromebook swapped out.

SUMMARY:
To summarize, this really is probably the best deal on a time-tested Chromebook with over a years worth of good reviews and reliable operation and I've experienced the same thing with mine. With its Intel Celeron processor, it's fast enough to do probably everything you would need to do. The on-board RAM (2 GB) is plenty to have multiple tabs open, videos streaming, etc. The 32 GB of on-board storage is plenty considering most of your work is going to be done online anyway. It's also solid state which means it is very, very fast. No spinning hard drives as you would find in the average laptop. I can honestly say, for the money you're spending, you're getting an amazing deal on this Chromebook.

SIDE NOTE REGARDING THE ACER CHROMEBOOK 13:
The Acer Chromebook 13 was released in August with people getting their pre-orders in the mail shortly thereafter. It is an impressive machine, offers a faster processor (that I really don't think you'll need), the same amount of RAM, but only 16GB of on-board storage (the $379 version comes with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage but as of October 2014, has a 3-5 week backorder timeframe here on Amazon.)

Regarding the Chromebook 13's processor: it is an NVIDIA Tegra K1 which is an ARM based processor vs. the Acer c720's x86 based processor. While the Tegra K1 is faster, you won't notice the speed increase unless you are a serious power user running many, many apps at the same time. Also, because it's the first Chromebook to use an ARM based processor, some Google apps will not run on it because they are built around the x86 architecture. This will change in the future, of course, but for right now, with the Acer Chromebook 13 being the only Chromebook using the Tegra K1 processor, the developers are not going to be in a huge hurry to upgrade their apps until more Chromebook models using it are released. This won't affect everyone, but it is something to think about. Also, NVIDIA is working on an upgraded Tegra K1 processor due out sometime by the end of 2014 so that may be another reason to hold off for the moment.

The screen size and resolution of the Acer Chromebook 13 is a big improvement over the Acer Chromebook c720, offering vivid colors and a large 13+"" inch screen providing full 1080p resolution. Even though it's less than 2"" larger than the 720's screen size, it is noticeable when trying to run two windows or apps side by side, looks better when streaming videos, and has more of a laptop screen feel. With the increased screen size and faster processor, it may be a better option for you but in my opinion, I'd hold off until the Tegra K1 ARM based processor is more established and the app manufacturers have updated their apps to work with it. It's only about $50 more expensive, you're gaining a lot, and really only loosing the extra 16 GB of on-board storage, but you're also dealing with the issues with the new NVIDIA processor.

I'm personally going to keep the Chromebook c720 until something with more substantial upgrades is released sometime in 2015.

Would I recommend this Acer Chromebook c720 to someone? Absolutely. As I said in the beginning of my review, I think this is your best bang for the buck in terms of current Chromebooks on the market.

*** I hope you find this review helpful. Please let me know [...] if it has helped you at all... I do my best to get you as much info as I can so you can feel good about your decision to purchase the product. I will also update this post with any info I hear back from Acer regarding the issue I mentioned about the screen getting scratched by the keyboard. ***

Thanks!
- Paul"
"I've never been happier with an Amazon purchase, and I buy a lot from here. First let's talk about the machine itself. The keyboard is amazing. I would rather type on this than anything else. The track pad is flawless. You can use the two finger swiping to scroll, or do it horizontally to go 'back' or 'forward' in the browser. If you use 3 fingers and swipe horizontally, you can glide through your chrome tabs. It's very effortless and very smooths. I was surprised to see that this machine handles full HD footage from my Sony Action Cam with no problems at. I even moved some of the video from a trip to the Google Drive folder and Google automatically made a story book for me, with GPS mapping and everything, it was pretty cool. It must have compared the time stamps on the footage to where my phone was at the time. The screen is great for the money. The viewing angles are not that bad, in fact you only really notice the difference from tilting the screen vertically. Horizontally there's hardly any difference at all.

Chrome OS is a dream. Super fast and super simple. I bought this Chromebook mainly as a tool to help me practice programming, and there's plenty of online and offline Chrome app IDEs to choose from. My favorite being ""Caret"" for offline and local editing and programming, and ""Cloudenvy"" for online editing. What great about it is that I can tote this around any where and just hack away, for about 9 hours!!! Also if you're worried about the OS's limitations you can dual boot linux on the machine and switch between the two without any problems. Instead of doing that though, I like to use Chrome OS's built in remote desktop app to access my Windows desktop at home. This works perfectly when I have to do some quick photoshopping or things of that nature."
"Student's Warrior,  I have a 32 gig model which costed me around $290 after taxes and shipping. Before I actually go into all the Pros and Cons of getting this device, I would like to mention that I ordered this device to Toronto. I do not know what are the total cost when shipped to US.

Moving on to the thick of things I would try to sum up my two months experience with this device as ""Fully Satisfied"". If you know what you want from a Chromebook then getting one should not be any problem. Before ordering Acer's C720 I wanted to make sure that if I am ordering this device it will satisfy ""my"" needs. It wasn't an easy list to fulfil, being an undergrad student who has to use a laptop to access lecture slides during a class, make notes, write papers and travel with it for at least 8 hours every single day.

The biggest selling point for this laptop was that it has a battery life of over 8 hours, really over 8 hours! The price which it comes for when compared to Mac book air is simply astonishing. I haven't till date carried a charger to school, I leave at 6 am and come back around 8 pm. Using the device in the bus, train, lectures and between classes. The only time I charge my device is when I am going to bed.

When I ordered this I was simply worried about the quality of the keyboard I will have to deal with. In many of the reviews floating around I have noticed people talking about the cheap quality of the keyboard. Well let me get something straight, the keyboard is simply underrated, it is actually very well thought out and doesn't disappoint when you start typing on it. Call me old school, but I prefer the slight ""clicky"" sound which keyboards make. Many users mentioned how the CAPS LOCK key is not present on the keyboard, for me I have never really used that particular key because of my weird habit of always depending on the SHIFT key. For some this might be a slight annoying factor while doing some heavy typing. Till date I have typed a good amount of papers for my school assignment on this device and it is simply a breeze while working. After using the device for a day or two I simply got used to the keyboard and now for some reason I prefer it over my 17"" Inch Dell laptop's keyboard.

Another aspect which bothered me was the fact that this model had only 2 gigs of RAM, which I personally thought would make a very lagging experience. Boy! I was wrong about this. Chromebook's OS/browser is completely designed for the type of load which is thrown on to it and it takes on anything with no fuss at all. I have opened close to 20 tabs at once and still did not notice any lag while working.

If you have worked over Google Docs then you should already be a fan of how easy it makes for the user to work in the Google drive. Chromebooks has a Beta version for all your Office documents, so you are not limited to just working over Google Docs. While many users complain about the limited function offered by Google Docs, I would have to say even while I used to Microsoft's Office, I never felt the need to use more than half of the functions provided. Google Docs does the trick for me by keeping it simple and offering the required functions without fail.

A word of advice, if you are trying to compare this machine with your $1500+ Macbooks then my friend you have lost the whole point of a Chromebook. This device won't be running high end games or providing you with the retina display clarity. At a price tag of $199 (Base model) I am not sure would you expect. I am honestly surprised on how much Acer has put in to this device to make it such a good device. So, if you are a student and would love to have something good to type on, which doesn't lag or die after 4 - 5 hours then this is the device you need to choose. Just on a side note, I have used Macbooks and Gaming laptops, so I do have an idea about how a powerful machine feels. Just be sure about your requirements and if this Acer C720 Chromebook is a good fit for them, you won't be disappointed!

P.S.: This review was written considering that you have done your research on what a Chromebook is. This is just a performance based review on the Acer's C720 model."
" Fast, light and great for the internet, The Acer C720 rates 5 stars in my book for price and dependability. It is incredibly light, you can hold it with one hand. I open it up and log on to the internet in under 10 seconds. Updates by Google are automatic and in the background, no annoying windows popping up telling you about ""updates.""

The battery lasts over 8 hours with hard use. I watch videos from Amazon Prime on this machine with no problems, I just hook up my Apple iHome speakers and the sound is great. The Amazon Kindle Cloud Reader app was included on this machine also, and it works flawlessly. I also listen to Pandora for hours while doing work at home.

I started looking at the Chromebooks after taking an online class called Intro to Google Apps. I selected the Acer because it was the least expensive. I already used Google Drive to back up my home and work files. I have decided to use Google docs in the future since I can use my Chromebook to access them with ease.

I think that Cloud Computing is the future, and this Chromebook is perfect for the ""Cloud."" I've owned the Acer for about a month and it has become my go to laptop for work and play. How can you go wrong for $199?"
"Perfect for browsing, This is my first chromebook. I love the keyboard - the keys are not slick, but slightly textured. The power button is too close to the backspace key and is in the far upper right; however a single tap on the power key only flickers the screen. The screen is looks great and the battery life is great.

I have the 2GB version but wanted the at-the-time unavailable 4GB. I have found the 2GB to be enough memory, per crosh & top. Video and embedded Adobe products use a lot of memory, so keeping those tabs closed when not in use helps. Chrome OS will discard memory for ""low priority"" tabs when memory runs out; meaning you would need to reload those pages when you click on a discarded tab. So, you really always have memory.

Rendering is slower than any other real laptop or desktop I own. So have your expectations set properly for performance. I chose this new Acer over the Samsung for its faster processor; and I'm glad I did."
Good for basic web stuff I will not say a Chromebook will replace what a PC or Mac can do. But for a lot of consumers it will probably be enough. The Hazwell chip is so much better then what the Samsung Chromebook has that you should not even consider the Samsung. I have now had both a Samsung and the Acer C720 and the Acer is improved so much over the Samsung. I like the feel of the Acer keyboard and the Touchpad is a decent size because it does not have a lot of multi touch features. Chromebook's really remind me of a Netbook with a OS built for a small form and minimal hardware specs. When you match hardware with a minimalist operating system like Chrome OS you get good battery life, responsive user interface and a good user experience. Its way better then buying a cheap Windows 8 machine which is a terrible match with cheap hardware and a more bloated OS. I first considered a small MacBook Air the 11.6" model but for $999 its really a expensive piece of hardware for what I intended to use it for. So finding the Acer with a much improved Hazwell CPU which provides good 8hr plus battery is better choice for me. The only down side to a Chromebook is that you are stuck in a Google ecosystem and more specific a Chrome OS ecosystem. So if you are using apps like iTunes, Microsoft Office, some tax software, or like other browsers like Firefox, Opera or IE. Your gonna find a Chromebook restrictive. No it does not run Skype either. I am perfectly fine with this, but I do think this limits a Chromebook's appeal and usefulness by not being able to run some apps that work on almost every other platform. I am sure a lot of people will buy a Chromebook or get one for a gift and be either impressed or disappointed in it. I can embrace it because its basically a web access device for me. But I am sure others will find it constrictive. 
"For the price, you can't say anything wrong about it., (this review written by Erica's 10 year old son) This is a great laptop. Before you read this entire review you need to know that this is a Chromebook. If you already know what a Chromebook is then go to the next paragraph. Chromebooks can't run .exe files like a PC or a Mac can. It does most things in the Chrome browser. So if I wanted to play Cut The Rope, I would go on the Chrome Web Store, ""download"" it, and it's, ""installed."" Then, when I want to play Cut The Rope, I press the Cut The Rope button and it opens up Google Chrome on a certain webpage where you can play Cut The Rope. So If you wanted to play Minecraft, you shouldn't get a Chromebook because Minecraft and pretty much anything that you need to download (like Microsoft Word or Spotify) is probably a .exe file. But you can still do a lot of stuff on a Chromebook. Google Docs lets you edit documents and you get 100 GB of Google Drive storage on Google's servers, or ""The Cloud, "" to edit and store your documents. Also, Microsoft has Word Online which lets you, well, use Microsoft Word and store it in ""The Cloud,"" except you store it on Onedrive instead of Google Drive, unless you download it onto the Acer C720's 16 GB solid state drive. (At least, I got the 16 GB version. It also comes in a 32 GB version.) So, for the nerds, here are all the technical specs:

OS: Chrome OS

Processor: 1.4 GHZ Intel Celron 2955U

Memory: 16/32 GB storage, SDD (There are two types of hard drives: SDD and HDD. SDD works like a flash drive and a HDD has a disk. SDD's have bettery battery life and speed up the computer a lot.) 2GB RAM, and a free 100 GB on Google Drive. Also has an SD card slot.

Screen:11.6,"" LCD, 1366 x 768, 135.09 ppi

Connectivity: HDMI, two USB 3.0 ports, Bluetooth 4.0, and Wifi.

Battery: I couldn't Google the MaH in the battery, but it lasts about 7.5 - 8 hours.

Ok, so after I wrote all that I just noticed Amazon has the specs right on it, so you can also look at that if you want.

Now, for the actual laptop on the outside. Even though it only has a pixel density of 135 ppi (pixels per inch, 135 is terrible), it still works and shows me what's on the screen. Unless I'm not looking at it. The speakers work great, and if you plug in headphones it automatically adjusts it so it doesn't scream in my ears. And when I take them out, it makes the speakers loud again, so I can still hear it from about a foot away. It's really thin and light, I can carry it with one hand under it while it's turned on easily. The battery life on this is amazing, it's one of my favorite parts of the C720. Lastly, the processor on the C720 is decent. It's fast enough for a laptop, and great for a $200 laptop.

In conclusion, this is a good laptop. If you like video games, a nice screen, or anything that you need to download, then I'm wondering why you would be reading this review in the first place. But if you like battery life, a good price, and a decent computer, then I think you should click the, ""add to cart"" button!
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews 
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Report abuse | Permalink
Comment Comment


10 of 10 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars 10/10, June 26, 2014
By Neal - See all my reviews
Verified Purchase(What's this?)
This review is from: Acer C720 Chromebook (11.6-Inch, 2GB) (Personal Computers)
Bought this for using at work/home because I was sick of using my phone to browse the internet, and wow! This is a 200 dollar netbook pretending to be an ultrabook. The remote desktop is amazingly fast, and usually gets ~10fps on local wifi and ~3-4 fps over the internet. It works with proxies and vpns, the solid state memory is user upgrade-able, the battery lasts around 7 hours as long as you aren't watching videos, the screen is perfect for watching a movie by yourself or with another person, and everything just works. There was a hiccup where the firmware on my television was causing problems with the HDMI outputting 720p instead of 1080p, but it seems to have been patched out. The touchpad is very responsive, and scrolling with 2 fingers is an entirely different experience than side-of-the-touchpad scrolling with a laptop, I'm still not sure why they make laptops with that anymore.

I've also used the linux dual-boot / crouton-shared-kernel boots and while I much prefer the legacy-bios dual-boot option, they were both functional and extremely easy to install. You put it into developer mode, type about a line of code, and wait for it to do its thing (around 30 minutes).

Would I rather have an ultrabook? Of course, but I'd much rather have 800 bucks and this than an ultrabook. Plus the price helps mitigate any fears I have leaving it in a car or in a backpack while I'm at the gym or something.

The 2gb of ram haven't been an issue, and if it becomes one, just close a couple tabs.

10/10, would buy again."
"Incredibility Explained, Alright, I will try and get every aspect I can get off the top of my head here. I ordered this having done my research, and I am not disappointed. This is a web based machine meant to surf the web, attack college papers (or any paper, work document, you get the idea). If you are looking for a machine that can run all of your gaming needs and software, you might want to pass this up.

The Chrome OS is extremely user friendly and simple. There is no clutter or confusion on where anything on your computer is. It's a fast little machine and will get me to my amazon account, ebay, paypal, facebook, all of that. IT DOES NOT CURRENTLY SUPPORT SKYPE. I read up on a lot of complaints about that and wanted to make that clear. Although there is a way around almost anything, a skype app directly usable on the Chrome OS does not currently exist. I will update if/when it becomes available. For now, though, you have to use Google's Hangouts app or a third party app. There is also a good amount of storage with the free google drive and solid state drive. Invest in a flash drive or SD card for extra storage.

Now the build of the PC. A lot of people complain about the keyboard and track pad which are fair enough arguments, but for $199 I expected a lot worse. Of course it's something to get used to, but that's most computers. The speakers are what I expected, not incredible but fine, you can run an aftermarket set of speakers if you need to. The screen build is great, it doesn't seem easily breakable at all and the 720p HD is just fine if you aren't in dire need of 1080. Just take care of your electronics. For the price, I say GET THIS.

There is a USB 2.0 and 3.0 slot in this PC, along with HDMI, SD, and headphone slot. This allows for dual monitoring, easy transfer of files, and headset use. I run an Amazon Basics USB extension and am able to run my USB headset, keyboard, mouse, and flash drive no problem. The built in webcam and microphone are also fine for video and audio calls. The startup and shutdown times are also phenomenal. It starts up (like advertised) 7 seconds and sometimes less, and shuts down in about 2 seconds.

To conclude, if you want a great little machine that runs faster than lightning strikes, get this no doubt. It's great for a college student like myself, or an avid internet surfer. Stick to your gaming PCs if you are into that sort of thing, but this is a cheap, fun little computer."
"Fantastic deal,  I've owned the CR-48, the Samsung New Chromebook, and a Asus Vivobook Core i3 Windows 8 touchscreen laptop in the past 3 years. I won't even get into the headache that the Windows 8 machine was. I bought it to replace my sluggish Samsung Chromebook, and while it was fast, Win 8 was garbage...so I got this Chromebook instead.

Instantly I noticed a speed increase over the Samsung. Don't be fooled by the Celeron name or the lower 1.4 ghz clock speed. I had 4 1080p yt videos going before it started to stutter, and that may have been my connection as much as anything. With the Samsung I'd be lucky to get one 720p video running smoothly. It's not the sexiest laptop out there, but its a lot thinner than I expected, and it doesn't have the big ugly hinge like the Samsung.

I bought this as a temp unit to get me through to the Bay Trail or Core i3 Chromebooks, then I was planning on giving it to my mom. However, I think I may just keep this and get her one as well. It's plenty fast."
"Acer Chromebooks Rock!  I work in technology and have several high-end custom laptops running Linux and Windows and have very little patient for computers that don't perform very well. I have been wanting a Chromebook for some time but wasn't sure what to expect. I was really impressed with my Acer tablet that was low cost but clearly a solid device, so when Acer came out with this Chromebook with the new Haswell processor I decided to jump on it. I care more about performance than looks so I went with the Acer since it was getting good performance reviews. I was also looking for a another small and light computer that I could take with me when I travel for work that I could use for my personal use - I like to keep personal and work usage completely separate.

I have been using this laptop for several weeks now and I am very impressed. This is now my favorite computer! I did upgrade the SSD drive to a 64Gb drive which seemed to improve the performance and I have been pleased every since. As Google says, it is instant on and off so you never wait. The battery life seems to last forever. It far exceeds any other laptop I have every had, especially at this extremely low weight. I love that TPM is build into the platform for heavy encryption of the storage and I like having separate profiles between users.

It is a shift to have your data and applications come from the cloud but it works and completely integrates with my phone, a Samsung Note 3. Once I got familiar on how to use my Chromebook and Google tools, I decided to move all of my personal content to my Google Drive - all of my pictures, documents, music, etc. I encrypt sensitive information with Boxcryptor on my Google Drive. This works well on my Chromebook and my phone. I am now using my C720 for doing just about everything I use a computer for - creating and editing documents, editing and posting pictures, doing video calls and messaging with Google Hangouts. watching movies, listening to music and more.

By the way, the wireless radio on this laptop is amazing. I have not seen another laptop beat it in speed tests on my wireless network - this includes custom gaming laptops with special wireless cards, a Macbook pro, iPads, phones, etc. Only my Samsung Note 3 with support of 802.11ac comes close. I couldn't believe it at first but test after test showed the same result. Simply amazing especially at this price point! I am not sure how Acer did this.

Wi-Fi access in Google sponsored locations is automatic as well. I noticed that I got instance access in some locations without hitting the captive portal page and having to go through a registration process to get Internet access. That is pretty cool. When I travel, I like this laptop to my mobile hotspot on my phone and I am connected whenever I want to be.

There are times when I am using unsecured public Wi-Fi that I like to get my access through a VPN tunnel so I set up my Chromebook to use a L2TP VPN tunnel. You can set it to automatically connect to the VPN server once Wi-Fi is connected and this works very reliably.

I also use this laptop with an external mouse, keyboard and monitor in docking mode. I was even more surprised to see this laptop drive the display on my laptop while also driving my external display that is a 1080p monitor through HDMI. You can extend the display or mirror your laptop display. Either way works very well and I have never had even one issue, which is rare. I have seen Macbooks and Windows computers choke on driving external displays more often than they should.

Watching video on this laptop has been a very good experience as well. I watch Netflix, YouTube & Google movies and my own video files with no issue on my laptop or with an external display. The video is very smooth. By the way, any Google movie you buy can also be watched through YouTube.

This laptop will also reach multiple file systems on USB drives. I have tried Windows and Linux partition formations without issue.

In summary, this is a solid device from Acer. This laptop will spoil you and delivers far more value that most laptops several times more expensive. It is easy to use by design but it is very functional for a wide range of users. I am recommending this laptop to everyone looking for laptop. There are some new ways of doing things in the Google Chromebook model but I think that is an easy transition to make and will greatly simplify your life once you do! I also suggest looking at some of the Chromebook books on tips and tricks. That really helped me in my transition as well."
"problems with the screen after 30 days, I got this for my son for Xmas. It arrived Dec 13. Around the end of January, the screen had what looked like a leaf shaped black spot in the upper right corner. This got progressively worse until now there is a diagonal black streak from the upper right down to the lower left of screen.
I asked my son what happened. He said he read online that others had some similar blackened areas on their screens and it is caused by not turning it off after every use, rather than just closing it. He had been just closing it, not realizing that could be causing the black spots and streaks on the screen."
Great for the Price, I have been very impressed with this device considering the price I paid for it. It comes with 100 GB of space on google drive, what a pleasure. Its battery lasts forever. I have found it incredibly useful around the house and just a nice alternative to a laptop or tablet for processing emails, browsing, banking etc
"A welcome addition to my ecosystem I’m a grad student in the humanities, which means I do a lot of word processing. I have a first gen MacBook from 2006 and a late 2012 Mac mini with a 21.5” Dell Ultrasharp monitor. At 5.2 pounds, the MacBook is a pain to travel with - whether to a cafe for some light work or through airports. I looked into a Chromebook for a cheap option for writing on-the-go. Sure, I don’t have full access to Zotero, but working on Google Docs is perfect for allowing me to produce first drafts of dissertation work that I can refine on my Mac mini setup once at home.

I initially bought a Samsung Chromebook because it was the lightest one available at 2.4 pounds. Wifi ran painstakingly slow on it; I felt I was back in the days of dial-up. For a wifi-based device, that was a severe problem (and a documented one if you google it), so I returned it and got the Acer C720.

Many reviews complain about the C720’s “ugly” design, but it simply looks like a generic laptop. The blackish grey color feels sleek and impressive. Although I can feel the .3 ounce difference in weight from the Samsung Chromebook, it is definitely much easier to carry around than my 5 pound MacBook. After two months with this Chromebook, I’ve reached a point where I prefer starting my writing projects on Google Docs - whether on my Chromebook or my Mac mini. Overall, this is a wonderful tool in my device ecosystem, especially for its price."
Not if you plan on doing 2 things at once!  I was really excited for this Chromebook, but it turned out horrible. Pretty much, if I was doing more than one thing at a time, like browsing the internet and loading pictures from a flash drive, it would crash. Each and every time. We tried a lot of things to make it run more smoothly and it still continued to crash every time I did two things at once. I didn't expect a monster machine that could game and play movies at the same time, but really having a browser open while loading pictures shouldn't make it crash every time. Horrible, I returned it.
"Excellent ""little"" machine, Super fast Chromebook. I own a Samsung Series 3 Chromebook that was a decent system for the price but the ARM processor presents some limits in both performance and running Linux applications.

I've set up Crouton to run Ubuntu 13.10 (Saucy) and its working perfectly, including the brightness and volume buttons. I installed the the Android Development Kit Bundle w/Eclipse. The only obvious strain on the system I've noticed is that the AVD's take a little time to boot up.

Being able to switch back and forth between ChromeOS and Ubuntu on a $250 laptop that's rated for 8.5 hours of battery life is pretty awesome."
sweet little laptop, Great little laptop, Beats my former netbook hands down, Battery life is also better, You can go all day, New processor is very quick and responsive.
"Can be used to load other OS's, I purchased this unit and replaced the internal 16GB M.2 SSD with a 128GB model. This laptop works quite nicely for those of us who like to get our hands dirty. It comes with Google Chrome but there are google-able instructions on how to adjust it to boot a non-chrome OS. Ubuntu linux should work pretty much out of the box.

I purchased the unit to get BSD running on it. I'm hacking DragonFlyBSD into shape and solved the boot loader and keyboard issues and am working on the mouse pad. X runs fine in VESA mode (so great for 2D), sans the mouse pad which I am still working on. FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, and so forth will not current boot due to numerous fixable issues but I assume that since I got them fixed in DragonFly, that the other BSD's will be able to get them fixed too.

For developers I suggest loading a couple of 16G usb sticks. Load one with the Chrome recovery image (google-able to get it), one with your favorite OS, and consider purchasing an internal M.2 form-factor SSD to upgrade the 16G internals. The case is *trivial* to take apart... just a lot of screws and simple snap-tight after that (be sure to break the warranty seal can unscrew the screw under it). With the recovery image in-hand you can feel free to blow away the internal SSD... if you mess up and get stuck you can always reload it from the recovery image.

The only downside when running non-chrome OSs is that the laptop boots up with a BIOS warning screen that you have to hit ctrl-L to get past. There's no way to get rid of it short of mod'ing the HW which I do not suggest. However, I am not going to dock it a star for that one issue. Also note that there are only 2 USB ports and *no* hard ethernet... you have to use the built-in wireless adapter (it's an Atheros AR9460).

This laptop has a pretty nice display for its small size. With DragonFly it pulls 7.1 watts idle with the lid closed and ~8W with it open (and DragonFly isn't power-savings-optimized). That's with the wifi turned on... so not bad at all. The laptop has a Celeron(R) 2955U @ 1.40GHz (haswell) class cpu in it... considerably faster than the atom-based netbooks of old! For comparison, this cpu is about 5x slower on a per-core basis than a 3.4GHz desktop I7, and has 2 cores (so about 15x slower than a 4-core/8-thread 3.4GHz I7). Which is not bad at all considering that the whole laptop only pulls 8 watts from the wall.

The unit has 2G of ram. The OS is able to use ~1.7GB of it. Keep in mind that with a bigger SSD inside you can set up a SSD swap partition on it, and at 300MB/sec+ and no random seek overhead, the 2G of ram is not a big deal.

-Matt"
"A decent computer, but it has it's flaws., The C720 Chromebook does almost everything that most people will need. As this isn't my primary computer, it was perfect for me to just toss in a bag and go somewhere.

The touchpad is brilliant. Better than any other touchpad I've used.
The keyboard is responsive and nicely sized, albeit a little shallow; the keys bottom out before you'd expect them to.
It does take a little bit of getting used to, but not long at all.
The screen is sufficient for writing and reading emails, writing word documents, and reading webpages.

As far as Chrome OS is concerned, it is what it is. Despite what you may have heard, you CAN create and edit documents without an internet connection. You can open documents from a flash drive or an external hard drive.

Overall, it is a great computer. So why the missing star? The computer generates a very high-pitched whine from the right side of the computer. This is not noticeable if you are listening to music or watching a video, as it is very quiet. It does, however, make it very hard to focus if you are studying in a quiet room. The main issue here is that Acer will not do anything about it. It is clearly a hardware issue and not caused by mistreatment, but when I contacted Acer support this afternoon (2/26/2014), they would not do anything. I'm not sure if this is a common problem with these computers, or if I just got unlucky. Unfortunately, as much as I like this computer, I am going to return it to Best Buy and purchase something else."
"Screen is the only downside, I use this for browsing the web, streaming video, and checking various google services. If that's all you do this is perfect! The screen whites out at any angle off center though and that's the only downside. It has an HDMI output and can extend it's screen to cover a 1080P TV just fine. It also plays netflix and youtube in HD just fine.

Two month UPDATE: I previously rated this at 4 stars but had to lower it because I kept getting defective units. The first one would randomly turn off/go to sleep/hibernate. To get it back on you'd have to close the lid and open it again then log back in. The most annoying part is you'd lose all your open tabs. Amazon sent me a replacement unit but after a few weeks it started doing the same thing. I ended up returning it for the HP Chromebook 11 (White/Blue)."
"A great netbook...if you understand it's limitations.,  I purchased one of these recently, and overall I've been quite pleased. It does almost everything I need a laptop to do, it's compact, has a nice keyboard, and has a battery life so long that I've yet to encounter a situation where I've had to discontinue use due to lack of power. When considering purchasing one of these, you need to be aware of what it is and what it isn't. It is not a Windows computer, it will not run Windows programs or executables of any kind. You can not download anything intended for a Windows machine and expect it to work. Call that point one. It is not a Linux or Android machine. You cannot install apps from the Market, HOWEVER, there are a lot of Android apps that have been ported to ChromeOS, and more are being done every day. If you are a Linux hacker, you probably won't like the Chromebook, there is no shell by default, and a lot of the functionality that a Linux user would expect is hidden or absent. Call that point two. So what is this thing? Well, pretty much what the descriptions all say, a heavily network dependent netbook that eliminates most of the fluff in favor of a simple browser-based environment. Is this a bad thing? No, if you are primarily looking for a web browsing and e-mail machine (90% of what I use a laptop for, admittedly) that can handle some basic document-based tasks. The upside: it can do almost everything a high-end Android tablet can do for less money and (for me) greater convenience. It's mostly idiot-proof. It's largely free from any security concerns. It's fast, simple, and there are no licensing issues. The downside: What it can't do...connect to Windows workgroups or domains easily (use Cloud for this), print easily (Cloud again), navigate (no GPS enabled), not very upgradeable (RAM is not upgradeable on this model, however larger SSDs can be installed if you are technically competent and follow the procedure correctly, (it is not trivial).

In short, I give it 4 stars for doing what it was designed to well. If it had a GPS capability (most tablets have this), I'd give it 5. Overall, I'm satisfied with it for the price I paid, and it's the first new laptop/netbook I've bought in a while. I was originally considering installing Linux, but the Chrome OS works so well for what I use this for, that I don't really see the point. If people paid more careful attention to what they need when they're considering buying a Chromebook, there would be less complaints. It will not replace a full-featured Windows or Mac laptop for every role that they might fill, but for a lot of people, it would be close enough."
"A Safe Purchase, Pros:
1. Lightening fast, no noticeable lag
2. Cheap
3. Fully integrated into Google services
4. Decent speakers; not the greatest in the world, but better than one would expect
5. Great Keyboard; took no time at all to adapt to it
6. Great Battery Life
7. Easy Setup
8. Sensitive track-pad with intuitive gestures
Cons
1. Plastic near track pad caves in slightly under pressure
2. Screen usable but certainly not desirable
3. Chrome OS lacks native torrent support

This laptop is more attractive looking than other reviewers say. I would not be ashamed of having this laptop in public; it is not ugly in the least, albeit a bit neutral in looks. The search button on the keyboard that is located where the caps lock should be is very useful and allows you to quickly access any applications on the device. The track pad is the best of any laptop that I have ever had my paws on. The two finger gestures are highly intuitive and easy to use. Accepting the 100 GB of included Google drive storage was very easy due to the setup guide. I have yet to run into any trouble with the 2 GB ram allowance.

I recommend this laptop most for students looking to take notes and be able to casually browse the web. Google Drive has developed to the point that it makes a viable replacement to Microsoft Office for light document, spreadsheet, and power-point creation. I expect it will only continue to improve. Knowing that the OS will be kept virus free and up to date is very assuring. I am happy with my purchase.

12/31/13
One thing that I am particularly disappointed with is the that Chromebook lack the ability to connect to local networks and stream content. For a device that is designed to be a wireless experience, I find this to be a grave hindered in its usage. I didn't buy the device for consuming media, I just wish that the chrome experience wasn't as locked down as it is."
Best of the Chromebooks?, Well, after using it daily for over three months now, there isn't one negative thing I can think of about the Acer C720. I originally bought it for travel to Hawaii for reasons why chromebooks were built and designed for - ultra light, long battery life, laptop design (prefer over tablet type). The most significant positive feature that struck me about this Acer C720 was its remarkable time usage. I knew it was long as reviews that I read stated but it was even more impressed. I remember my first morning I woke up (very early start as Hawaii time zone was three hours behind PT), turned on my C720 at 4 AM and used it until 2 PM. So after eight hours I actually looked to see how much battery life it had left - hadn't even dipped below 30% yet!
Great apart from the bad, bad screen quality,  Used for a few days and sold it. The hardware and operating system is actually very good - but the screen lets the whole package down dramatically. It is washed out, low contrast and text is not clear. Plug it into an external monitor with keyboard and mouse and you have a great package as I never experienced slow down, but for use as a laptop it needs a better screen. I would happily pay $50 more for the same laptop with a better, usable screen which doesn't give you a headache/blurred eyes whilst trying to read text.
"Your Chromebook search is over!,  I received my Acer C720 Chromebook yesterday. I have never owned a Chromebook before and spent quite a bit of time comparing different models (and being overwhelmed by the variety of options out there). I settled on this particular Chromebook because it really is an amazingly good deal. For $200 you might expect the quality to suffer, but I have been so impressed with how the C720 is built and performs. Yes, it's made of plastic. But the full-sized keyboard has a very solid feel. I type over 90 words per minute and I'm not getting any missing keystrokes at all. This is one of the most important aspects for me because I am a writer. The hinge is tight and solid-feeling, there is no flimsiness to the screen or awkward loosening of the hinge that I've noticed even in pricier electronics. The touch pad is highly responsive, zero complaints there. The Wi-Fi range is stunning. I can't get either of my tablets to hold a Wi-Fi signal in my bedroom. The C720 on the other hand keeps the signal and loads pages and games very quickly. The speakers are also surprisingly good for this price point. Watching Netflix movies and listening to music are fantastic experiences on the C720. The screen resolution is considered ""alright"" by today's standards, but the matte finish makes everything very crisp and readable. Colors are vibrant and washout is minimal. The screen is readable from multiple angles. The battery life is as good as advertised! I am always skeptical about claims regarding battery life, but I can and do get a solid 8 hours out of a full charge. The ""time left"" on a charge indicator is also accurate, thank goodness.

If you haven't owned a Chromebook before and this is your first time shopping for one, I promise you the C720 will not disappoint. It is jaw-dropping how much this little machine can do for just $200. That's cheap enough to use this as a trial run for a more expensive purchase. Or not. You might find you have everything you need in the C720. It's that great.
"
"Fast, new processor runs cooler, beautiful screen,  I had eagerly been awaiting the new Mid-2012 MacBook Pro upgrade primarily because of the move to the new Intel processor, ""Ivy Bridge."" The 2.9GHz Intel Core i7 dual-core processor just makes this MacBook Pro fly. And it runs much cooler than its predecessors. I had my laptop running while on my lap for a couple hours and the bottom case was barely warm. Fan noise was not noticeable whatsoever. To be honest, I don't even know if the fan was operating or not, it was that quiet.

The aluminum unibody case has remained pretty much unchanged for several years. In fact, my previous MacBook Pro, a 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 4GB of RAM has the identical case that this new laptop has... it is designated as Model No: A1278 if you look at the bottom of the laptop case.

What Apple threw into the mix, which made my decision of which new Apple laptop to purchase more difficult, was the addition of the Retina Display MacBook. Initially I was tormented with making the correct decision of which computer to purchase. After I weighed the differences and factored in the cost, it became clear to me that for my use, the 13"" MacBook Pro was the way to go rather than an Air or Retina Display MacBook Pro. Here are my reasons...

-The Retina Display MacBook lacks an optical drive. For me, that was a critical feature as I am a Mobile DJ and still rip a lot of CD's to my computer. I did not want to have to carry around an external optical drive so having the internal optical drive on the new MacBook Pro was key.

-The Retina Display MacBook does not have an Ethernet port. Again, this won't affect all people, but for me it was an essential feature that I use all the time. I wasn't ready to give up my dedicated ethernet connectivity port.

-The Retina Display MacBook was priced out of my comfort zone. It's a phenomenal computer but I just could not justify the price.

-The Air doesn't offer the disk space that I need nor the right combination of ports.

Honestly, the display on the 13.3"" MacBook Pro is gorgeous. I can see where a photographer might enjoy the Retina Display, but for me, the 1280x800 resolution of the screen on this laptop is perfect. The display is bright, very bright, sharp and has excellent viewing from side to side. I'm a little conflicted with the glossy screen, but I think I have grudgingly accepted it for the most part. In most situations I find it nicer than a glare-free screen. For some situations however, it is not the best because of the reflections on the screen of surrounding lights and such. You must remember that while reducing glare on a screen might make it easier to view in certain situations by reducing reflections of light and surroundings, by its nature the anti-glare will reduce sharpness of the screen image. By having the glossy screen you have an amazingly bright, clear and sharp image that is just beautiful to view.

I had also considered getting an early 2012 refurbished MacBook Pro. That was my second-best option. But for the small difference in price, I would not have gotten USB 3.0 ports and that was important to me, as well as getting Thunderbolt. Admittedly, there are not yet many peripherals that utilize Thunderbolt or USB 3.0 but that is certainly going to change quite rapidly. USB 3.0 is 10 times faster than USB 2.0 and offers throughput of up to 5Gbps. Thunderbolt is even faster and allows daisy-chaining of monitors and other devices. This new MacBook Pro also has an upgraded facetime camera. It is now 720p HD and that's pretty awesome.

Firewire 800 is still included on this MacBook Pro. Undoubtedly, Firewire is getting towards the end of its lifespan but many videographers are still using video cameras that use Firewire and I also have external hard drives using firewire, so this is still useful for me.

The newly added Tunderbolt port is also useable as a mini-display port and you can easily obtain adapters to enable you to hook up to DVI, VAG and HDMI. I do miss not having a dedicated HDMI port, but at least it is possible to get an adapter to fill that need.

The Lion and soon to be released Mountain Lion operating system has garnered a lot of comments both positive and negative. Personally I have not experienced any issues with Lion. The integration with iCloud is fantastic and allows me to keep my contacts, address book, bookmarks all in sync across all my devices (iMac, iPhone, iPod Touch and another MacBook Pro.)

The iLife suite of applicatons included with the computer are excellent. iPhoto, iMovie and GarageBand are tightly integrated and work well. There is room for improvement, to be sure, but I use iPhoto and iMovie all the time and it is an amazingly capable duo.

If you're considering a MacBook Pro for the first time and are coming from the PC world, welcome. You will have a little adjusting to do but it's really easy and you will probably be impressed with how straightforward the operating system is. It just works. I can't even think of when I had a crash or freeze.

I've not yet reached the 7-hours mark for battery life, but still, I've been getting at least 5 hours plus so no complaints.

If you are considering the new MacBook Pro and you're already a Mac user then you will welcome the addition of a much faster processor, the addition of Thunderbolt and USB 3.0.

I am really liking my new MacBook Pro and with 8GB of RAM, and the new i7 Processor running at 2.9GHZ (turbo-boost to 3.6GHz) you will be very happy with the performance.

Regarding the 8GB RAM memory maximum for this MacBook Pro, it is interesting to note that Crucial sells a 16GB RAM kit for this particular model. Despite this, Apple does not acknowledge that the computer will accept 16GB of RAM. I called Apple Technical Support to ask about this and I was told that even though the computer may accept 16GB of RAM and seem to run without any problems with 16GB of RAM, the full amount of RAM may not actually be used by the MacBook Pro. It's kind of hard to say what the implications are of adding 16GB of RAM when Apple says the maximum is 8GB for this model. What will happen though is if you have any issues with the computer and Apple discovers that you've put 16GB of RAM in it, you could be denied service under the warranty. So I guess I'd be happy with 8GB of RAM until this issue gets more clarification, either by benchmark tests that show an improvement in performance or a firmware update or some acknowledgment from Apple approving the option of 16GB of RAM. I""d like to think that if Apple wanted to make as much money as possible that they would offer this computer with an 16GB option. Since they don't, there must be a technical reason why.

I've been using a protective case for my MacBook Pro and I recommend it. It's priced very fairly, comes in a variety of colors and has worked really well for me. It even lets the Apple Logo shine through the case. Here is a link to the Red color version of the case. RED iPearl mCover® Hard Shell Case for A1278 Aluminum Unibody MacBook Pro 13-inch (RED color)

UPDATE: July 1, 2012 - I've been reading reports online about the fact that the new Retina Display MacBook Pro has pushed the graphics handling capabilities of the computer to the max. This has resulted in some problems that are only just beginning to manifest themselves, such as sluggish screen draw in some situations, slow frame rates in other situations and image retention issues.

In other words, by pushing the limits, as Apple frequently does (and I'm not suggesting that that's a bad thing) early adopters are paying the price. So I'm feeling even better about choosing this particular model rather than spending significantly more for the Retina Display MacBook Pro and having to deal with the first generation issues.

UPDATE: July 5, 2012 - Note to PC users considering the switch to a Mac. Don't be intimidated to switch. Mac OSX is a fantastic operating system and not difficult to learn at all. But there are definitely some subtle differences between the PC and Mac user interface and experience. I would strongly suggest getting a good book such as Switching to the Mac: The Missing Manual, Lion Edition. It's an excellent overview of what you'll need to know regarding the Mac experience and the Lion operating system. I use both Windows 7 and Mac OSX and own both a PC laptop and Mac laptop and desktop machines. I consider Macs to be my primary computer because of my familiarity with them and their ease of use. However, a helpful book will ease your transition and eliminate the guesswork.

UPDATE: August 24, 2012 - I've upgraded my OS to Mountain Lion, 10.8, and have been running it for about 2 weeks. I have not noticed any issues and the upgrade went very smoothly. Some of the new features are great. I particularly like the dictation feature that lets you speak while in any application that accepts text input and the MBP will automatically and accurately convert your speech to text. The new way that messages are handled is very similar to IOS and I like it. Some users are reporting less battery life but I have not noticed any degradation in battery life on my comptuer.
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews 
Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Report abuse | Permalink
Comment Comments (123)


169 of 184 people found the following review helpful
5.0 out of 5 stars macbook air 13inch vs macbook pro 13inch, March 15, 2013
By intrimitido - See all my reviews
This review is from: Apple MacBook Pro MD101LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop (Personal Computers)
this review is about my personal honest experience, i am not a computer wizard.

like most of you, i had a hard time thinking which one to buy, an air or a pro. what i did is purchased the two and see which one will better suit my needs and send back the one that I won't like. so I went at my local best buy and did so. after using both products for 14days, here are my thoughts.

the macbook air looks very beautiful on the outside. it's so thin and light and can be used anywhere like a tablet. to sum things up, the MB air is more of a fashion statement than a work horse. is it faster than a pro? yes only by 10-15secs during start up. the audio quality sounds thin but loud. the pro has a deeper sound. air has higher resolution but the fonts are small. what I hate about it is the screen display color. macbook pro by far has more vivid colors and if you love to watch netflix and hd videos like me, the pro is a better choice. i like the design of the air but i'm sorry to say that it is more like a toy than a real life laptop. if you have a main computer, the air is a very good addition but if you only need an all in one computer like me to take with you, store data, watch videos, do picture and video editing and plan to use for a very long time, then the macbook pro is a better choice and for me is more sturdy. one reviewer says that the air has better screen display but I don't agree with that because i am an amateur photographer and im pretty sure i know which has the better display. in the long run you will be needing that dvd drive, the storage and ram that you can customize, the ethernet and ports that are already built in and most of all the screen display. the macbook pro still looks stunningly beautiful and is a more capable laptop. even the keyboard is better to type on. the air is super light weight but the pro still is light. we still need to use our muscles sometimes. battery life are identical 5-6 hrs.

I got more from my money on the pro and it is a better choice for me that's why I kept it and sent the air back for a refund. again this is just my personal honest opinion."
"Loving it!, This is not my first Mac computer, and certainly will not be my last. Before I begin, I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy. I have owned many PC computers as well, and like them too. I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses.

To start with the strengths:
1. OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable. I have it installed on my iMac desktop computer as well and love it. Not to mention this comes with a free upgrade to Mountain Lion, which is very nice.
2. Screen looks great. Even though it is not the Retina display you can get on the 15.4 inch model, the screen is fantastic. Very bright and crystal clear with excellent color.
3. Quietest laptop I have ever owned. Keeps quiet even when the computer is under a heavy load.
4. First computer I have owned with USB 3.0. I bought an external hard drive when I purchased this laptop as well so I could utilize the USB 3.0. I got the hard drive yesterday and transferred all of my files from my old laptop to the new hard drive so I could put them on my MacBook. It took about 1/5th of the time it did with USB 2.0.
5. My Lenovo laptop does not have an illuminated keyboard, so the keyboard on this laptop is a big plus in my opinion. Excellent for people that like to work or surf the web while their significant other is sleeping.
6. The trackpad - can't even compare it to any trackpad I have seen on any other laptop computer.
7. Excellent battery life while being a very fast performer. It definitely has the best of both worlds. I average about 6 hours on a charge. My Lenovo (with similar graphics, processor, etc. and same use) only lasts about 4 or 5 hours on a full charge.
8. Typical Apple simplistic styling. I love the look of the Apple products. Simple and clean.
9. Many, many more...but those are the most notable ones to me.

Now, for the weaknesses.
1. The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip. They may get softer and more sticky as time goes by, but right now they are far from that. The pads on the bottom of my Lenovo are definitely much better and don't allow the computer to slide around while I am using the computer on a glass topped desk.
2. Price - it's a bit pricey for the performance you get, but the added perks of Mac OSX and the durability and support of Apple products makes up for it. For the same price, you can get a PC with more memory, larger hard drive, better graphics, and a faster processor, but then you remember you're running Windows 7, which isn't nearly as well built as Mac OSX.

In conclusion - this is a great laptop. Although it is a little pricey, it is well worth the extra money. So far, the only issue I have with it (rubber pads) is a very small problem that does not change how this laptop performs in any way.

If you are thinking about getting a MacBook Pro laptop but do not want to spend a huge amount of money for one, this is definitely the way to go. It may be considered the ""base model"" MacBook Pro, but it still an excellent computer. The size and battery life of this computer makes it excellent for people that need a laptop that is very mobile. Between work and college classes, I needed a lightweight yet durable computer and this definitely fits that criteria.

9.5/10"
"Surprisingly unimpressive compared with new MacBook Air, I purchased the newly updated 13"" MacBook Pro and the newly updated 13"" MacBook Air the day they were announced at WWDC and released for sale in June 2012. (My 13"" MacBook Pro is the 2.9 GHz i7 model, and my MacBook Air is factory upgraded to a 2.0 GHz i7 processor and 8GB RAM.)

After using the two machines side-by-side for a couple weeks now, I can say that the MacBook Air outperforms the MacBook Pro in almost every task and in terms of overall speed and performance. Compared with the newly refreshed and updated Air, the new MacBook Pro is frankly a significant disappointment, and I've pretty much stopped using it altogether in favor of the faster Air. Despite the Air's slower CPU clock speed, it performs faster than the Pro in actual tasks due to the performance boost afforded by it's SSD hard drive. The SSD drive on the MacBook Air makes an enormous difference in everything from casual web browsing to video editing.

If you're debating which 13"" MacBook to buy, the 13"" MacBook Air or the 13"" MacBook Pro, here's a side-by-side comparison...

Speed and Performance: Advantage MacBook Air

Apart from the hard drives and port configurations, the technology inside the machines is virtually identical in both the newly refreshed MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Both Pros and Airs come with either i5 or i7 Intel ""Ivy Bridge"" processors, Intel HD Graphics 4000, USB 3.0, and lightning-fast Thunderbolt ports. While the MacBook Air models are at a disadvantage to the MacBook Pro models in terms of CPU clock speeds, any performance disadvantage from the processor speed is more than made up for by the lightning fast performance of the Air's SSD hard drive, which Apple markets as ""Flash"" storage. In everyday tasks from gaming to web browsing to watching Flash movies and editing video, the MacBook Air is faster significantly faster in virtually every task. The Air boots up in less than 12 seconds while the Pro takes upwards of one minute.

Screen: Advantage MacBook Air

If you've never used a MacBook Air, much less the new Retina display 15"" MacBook Pro, then you won't notice just how outdated the MacBook pro's screen is. However, once you get used to the super high resolution 1440 x 900 LED display on the MacBook Air, the 1280 x 800 back-lit LED display on the MacBook Pro looks downright grainy and primitive. Simply put, once you get used to a higher resolution display, the 1280 x 800 display on the 13"" MacBook Pro just isn't acceptable. Even for simple tasks like email or word processing where you wouldn't think the resolution would matter, the graphics look grainy and pixelated, which just isn't acceptable for a pro-level laptop in 2012.

Upgradability: Advantage MacBook Pro

The Pro's only major advantage over the Air comes in terms of the flexibility of its hardware, ease of repair, and upgradability. With only a screw driver and about 10 minutes of your time, you can add more memory to the Pro, replace the hard drive, and even add a second hard drive in place of the optical disc drive. The Air, on the other hand, is stuck in the configuration you purchase it in except that you can opt to replace the SSD ""Flash"" hard drive with a higher capacity SSD drive.

Design, Weight, Portability, Battery Life, and Form Factor: Advantage MacBook Air

The MacBook Air is the most beautiful computer ever produced by man, and the MacBook Pro looks like it's older, pudgy relative. The Air's aluminum case is impeccably designed, almost tailored to accommodate the necessary internal components, while maintaining practical ergonomics. It's an incredibly thin, svelte, sexy little notebook. The MacBook Air's aluminum case seems sturdy and durable, and its mechanics are very similar to the time-test unibody construction of the MacBook Pro. The MacBook Pro, on the other hand, is a bit of a dinosaur in its bulky circa 2006 unibody. The Pro is heavier than a half gallon of milk at 4.5 lbs, while the MacBook Air weighs in at less than 2.9 lbs. Battery life is roughly even on both machines at anywhere from 4 to 7 hours depending on workload and settings.

Summary Judgement: Buy the MacBook Air (or opt for the new 15"" Retina display MacBook Pro)

Simply put, the guts of the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro are basically the same, but the Air's SSD hard drive gives it a tremendously significant boost in performance. Sadly, the MacBook Pro's 5400-rpm hard drive leaves the machine unable to capitalize on the newest, most expensive Intel ""Ivy Bridge"" i5 and i7 processors that you're paying a $300 premium for in the newly updated Pros. If you are going to buy a Pro, invest the extra money and get it upgraded with a SSD hard drive and get an extra external hard drive if you need additional cheap storage space for multimedia files. When you also consider the superior display, lighter weight, increased portability, and lower price of the MacBook Air, it's hard to find a reason to justify purchasing the current 13"" MacBook Pro, which to me looks like a dinosaur rapidly headed for extinction.

Specs on the models compared:

13"" MacBook Air (mid 2012) factory upgraded to the 2.0 GHz dual core i7 processor and factory upgraded to 8 GB RAM (1600MHz DDR3L SDRAM) with standard 256 GB SSD (""Flash"") hard drive

13"" MacBook Pro (mid 2012) with 2.9 GHz dual core i7 processor, 8 GB RAM (1600MHz DDR3L SDRAM), and 750GB Serial ATA Drive @ 5400 rpm
Both feature Intel HD 4000 Graphics, 3.0 USB, Thunderbolt, 802.11n, etc."
" Simply the best computer I've ever used... with one possibly irrelevant issue, I used to be a die hard windows fan. I was always bashing OSx for the usual things (too expensive, too dumb, et cetera, et cetera), and I never really gave it a chance. Windows 7 was my OS of choice from the day it came out, and I used it on many different computers with (or at least what I thought then) good results. It's certainly not a bad OS but...
This past holiday season, I got an Asus tablet PC. I wanted to love it, I really did. I gave it a five star review here on Amazon, and I tried my very hardest to use it to it's fullest potential. It was working fine for a while, until I tried the Windows 8 beta. It was all down-hill from there. Viruses, problems (beyond those that should be in a beta, and a general ugliness drove me absolutely insane, and I decided to move away from Windows, at least temporarily. I bought a Chromebook, and while I absolutely love it and highly recommend it, I wanted more out a computer than it offered.
So, nearly on a whim, I bought a Mac. I have never made a better tech decision. Literally everything about it is better than any computer I've ever used, from the operating system to the hardware.
People typically say that the real reason they love Macs and other Apple products is because of the build quality. While the build quality on this computer is INSANELY good (I feel bad hauling it around with me; I feel like it should be in an art museum), I really think it's the software that makes this a standout computer and computing experience. I've had absolutely zero backround in OSx up until now, and already I am easily finding my way around this computer. Granted, I've had a good backround in Linux and OSx is similar, but the fact that I'm easily navigating a brand new operating system after only one day is quite the contrast from Windows, now that I can look at it objectively. OSx Lion is wonderful. The multi-touch gestures and the multi-touch mouse itself are immensely helpful, and it's because of features like these that make it clear to me that it's almost necessary for a company to make the hardware for a product if they're making the software as well. Everything works extremely well together.
Like I said, the included apps put Windows to shame. With the exception of Outlook (which I personally hate, but my Mom has a Mac and can't stand the contacts App and uses Outlook), I can't think of a single, rational person who would pick Windows software over Apple software when it comes to things like media, photo/video editing, and email. To be perfectly honest, it's ridiculous how well all this stuff works. I downloaded the iWorks office suite (which is not free, though significantly cheaper than Microsoft Office), and they also work like a charm. I really don't create a whole lot of spreadsheets or slide shows so I can't guarantee a qualified opinion on Numbers (Excel) or Keynote (PowerPoint), but the Pages app is lightyears ahead of Microsoft Word. I also downloaded Logic Pro 9 (an music synthesizer/recording studio app) after having used it with friends a few months back, and have spent hours digging into another fantastic piece of Mac Software, and I can say for a fact that it is truly unparalleled in the Windows world.
The actual hardware internals of the computer are amazing. The new Ivy Bridge processors whip through anything I can throw at them, and the 8 gb of fast (1600 mhz) ram makes multi-tasking a breeze. The nVidia graphics card, while not a show-stopper, is completely adequate for some heavy-duty video editing in something like Final Cut or Photo Shop (though I haven't used Photo Shop in about a year now, so I'm not COMPLETELY sure about the latter of the two statements), or gaming (whether you dual-boot or pick one of the games from the increasingly impressive OSx catalogue). The speakers, while not mind-blowing, are much better than what I'm used to from integrated laptop speakers, and the screen, even though I opted for the non-HD screen, is very good; colors are bright and saturated, the pixel density is more than satisfactory, and the viewing angles are some of the best I've ever seen. Battery life is as good as advertised, and the computer starts and runs much more quickly than I'm used to, especially considering that this computer doesn't have flash storage.
I haven't run into a single thing I would change about this computer up to this point. I love the software, I love the hardware, and I love my decision. If you're in the market for an exceptional, powerful notebook, look no further. I can't recommend this computer highly enough.

Edit: While the great things that I mentioned about OSx are all still completely viable and even after several weeks (months, perhaps?) of heavy usage I haven't experienced any problems. Mountain Lion is a great update and even though I don't own an iPhone or an iPad (I'm more of an android guy), I still like almost all of the additions it brings to OSx.
However, I have since installed Windows. Bootcamp is a marvelous program, and in about 20 minutes I had Windows 7 working great on my computer. All the drivers were installed and performance was great. Once I actually started playing games though, several design flaw were suddenly extremely apparent to me, and they were apparent in a very bad way.
I'm not sure if Windows is just a more demanding operating system or if a fan driver was left out of my Bootcamp install, but the cooling of this computer when doing ANYTHING intensive under Windows is absolutely atrocious. The unibody design is gorgeous. It's revolutionary, it's stylish, it's classy, and it has major practical issues. The vents are hidden under the hinges of the screen, and anything but the most perfect of screen angles will block off much of the fans output. Even with the fans blowing full blast at nearly all times while running Windows, the computer gets extremely hot during usage. I use a laptop as a literal ""lap"" top computer frequently. This works fine under OSx; it's impossible under Windows. The bottom of the computer gets painfully hot during heavy usage (to the point where I literally can't touch it for more than a few seconds), and the metal area (ironically) around the ""wasd"" keys gets extremely hot as well. I've had the computer completely overheat three times only in the past two weeks. Since I only play online games, this isn't a real issue, but I can't imagine what would happen were someone actually doing something important on a Windows partition and have the computer overheat and shut down. Even with good ventilation (meaning smooth granite surfaces and a laptop stand specifically designed to enhance ventilation), there is no avoiding an extremely hot computer and constantly whirring fans.
Long story short, I'm very glad they improved the fan design in the Retina Display Macbooks, because it is, frankly, very, very poor here.
I'm conflicted on whether I should change my overall rating of the computer though. Even though Macs are equipped (through Bootcamp) to run Windows, they weren't designed to do so, and I certainly haven't had a single issue while running (the far superior) OSx. Considering the fact that I should be basing my opinion of the product on its own merits and not on those of a competing product, I don't think I will change my overall scoring. I do think it is prudent to add, however, that cooling while running Windows 7 is terrible. If you NEED Windows, stick with a Windows computer. They will most likely handle Windows better than this one will.

"
"Final Verdict: Well Worth the Money,  After owning my MacBook for a month I finally feel ready to review it accurately. Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop. I've always been a Windows guy so I've known that you can buy laptops with equivalent specs to Macs for a good deal cheaper. Though after comparing different laptops I was not able to find one that had a satisfactory build quality. The closest I could find were laptops made by Asus, but even then I read of too many build quality issues that made me uneasy. Ultrabooks made by other companies had good quality, but by then they cost just as much as the MacBook but with lower specs. So I decided to take the plunge with this MacBook after demoing it in a Apple Store. Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:

Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction. While other laptops creak when you pick them up due to the various plastic components screwed together, the Macbook feels firm. The only thing that initially concerned me was that the lid would slightly creak when you closed it. Running waxed dental floss through the hinges solved this.

Trackpad and Keyboard- This extra large trackpad is heavenly to use. Having the whole trackpad function as a giant button is a lot more comfortable to use. Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive. The keyboard keys are well spaced and the led backlighting is very cool.

Power System - I regularly get around 6 hours from the battery, which I am more than satisfied with. The magsafe plugin system is more handy than I thought it would be, and there is a neat led battery indicator on the side of the notebook that makes checking the battery level with the computer off easy.

OS X - Mine initially came with Lion, but after upgrading to Mountain Lion I am even more satisfied. Everything runs fast and animations are fluid. I love the multi touch features, which again is something I initially didn't think I would really need. It took me a little time to get used to using finder after being accustomed to windows explorer, but I am confident now in my ability to navigate through files just as quickly as in Windows.

Dual Booting - I have a few engineering programs that only run on Windows so I decided to install Windows 7 through bootcamp. Because it boots natively from the hard drive, it runs just as smoothly as any other Windows laptop. Remember folks, this computer doesn't have any magical internal components. The Intel Chipset is the same used in any other laptop and thus Windows runs just the same with the proper drivers installed.

Chipset - The Intel Core i5 runs very fast with minimal heat. The Intel Graphics 4000 is more than adequate for most applications.
I could even run Portal 2 on maximum graphics settings and play 1080p video without it breaking a sweat. The fan almost never revs up to an audible level. This is in part to the aluminum body being a giant heat sink. So yes, the laptop body can get warm at times. But it is never uncomfortably warm when I use it on my lap. Ill probably upgrade the RAM and the harddrive to an SSD in the future, but for now they are fine.

So all in all I am very happy with my purchase. I am officially a Mac convert and will use this laptop for a very long time.

Also, all the Windows ""gamers"" who are trashing Macs need to gain some perspective. Yes, I can get a Core i7 laptop with a dedicated graphics card for a lot cheaper than the MacBook. But I decided to spend the extra money to get a better engineered laptop with some nifty extra features."
 Counterfiet product, I was dissapointed by Amazon. The Apple Mac Book did not work from the very first time. I took it to the Apple Store where I was informed that some components of the mac book (the memory) were not part of the computer. Even though the cover of the computer said it was a 2012 model, I was told by the Apple Service that the computer was 2008. The computer's cover was exchanged and taken from a 2012 mac book for that purpose. I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty. Should I still consider buying through Amazon? I wish this review is useful for future Mac products buyers.
"DON'T BUY THIS, IT'S NOT A NEW ITEM! IT'S USED, DIRTY AND COVERED BY SOMEONE'S OILY FINGERS!!, I am usually a fan of all things Amazon. They really screwed the pooch on this one. I ordered a new macbook and I got a used macbook, packaged in the very box that they originally sent to ""Kim Nguyen"". When I turn on the computer, the log-in reads ""Kim Nguyen"". A shipping label to ""Kim Nguyen"" is super-lamely covered up on the box. If you're going to try to sell me used merchandise as new, at least use a new box Amazon.

Do you want to pay full-price for an obviously used computer? Me neither.

I may be ending my consumer relationship with Amazon forever after this. Gross, nasty and shenanigans!"
"Late 2012 high end non-retina - unlike retina MacBook this one is still user upgradeable.
- comes with 750gb HDD I upgraded to a 512gb SSD ( the crucial m4)
- user upgradeable ram comes with 8gb up can put up to 16gb in. Personally 8 is enough for me (for now)
- the screen is super clear and crisp. I have a retina display iPad and I can't tell the difference.
- if you do any gaming I would suggest you get this over the retina because they have the same GPU but the retina display has more pixels to power so you'll get better better frame rates with this one.
- the retina display may be nice for photographers but this model has an edge for basically every other task.
- when your watching video you won't be able to tell the difference between this and the retina.
- built in DVD drive! I still love this feature call me old school but I still use it, and I'm not old either I'm in my twenties.
- if you no longer have a use for the DVD drive you can take it out and put in a second SSD OR HDD. They make a kit you can get really cheap on Amazon. Can't do that with a retina.
- with bootcamp you get the best of both worlds OS 10 and windows.
- great for gaming I've been running Far Cry 3 and Fallout New Vegas and it has plenty of power to spare.

My criticisms

- I really can't think of any. I wish apple would add a touch screen that would make this the perfect laptop.

The bottom line

If your looking for a mobile powerhouse that is user upgradeable, and the quality that can only come from apple this is the computer for you. This is still the real MacBook Pro in my opinion. If you want a design that is tried and true and don't want to spend your life savings on a maxed out retina model (because you can't upgrade them) still like having a DVD drive and other practical ports give this one serious consideration."
"PC to Mac to PC to Mac again - probably sticking with Mac for a while now,  Protip: Upgrade with Crucial 256 GB m4 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s CT256M4SSD2 and Komputerbay 16GB (2x 8GB) DDR3 PC3-12800 1600MHz SODIMM 204-Pin Laptop Memory 10-10-10-27 with Black Heatspreaders to make your MBP perform faster than you can think.

I transitioned from PC all through high school to a white MacBook in 2006 for college. Added an iMac about 2 years later. Then, switched back to primarily PC for work on a HP Envy 14. I also took some time to build a sweet gaming PC rig. And now, after selling the iMac (not really used since college), the gaming PC and the HP Envy 14, I have hopped back onto this MacBook Pro 13 inch.

I'm very glad to be back on an Apple product. Having used PCs exclusively for the last 2 years, I can identify a few specific reasons why I wanted to get back to Mac.

1) Mouse mechanics - there is really nothing in the PC market that compares to the Mac trackpad. The closest alternative to its smooth, accurate and conveniently place functionality is the Lenovo ThinkPad's red nipple. Since I work often where having to pull out a separate mouse would be inconvenient, this was an important point for me.

2) Battery life - even new, the HP Envy only hits 3 hours or so on a full charge. I can squeeze close to 6 hours out of the MBP. Trips on the road make the doubled battery life very useful.

3) Lion productivity features - I remember having to use a second monitor on my PC setups just for the real estate. i can honestly say that I am fine without that now when able to swipe between desktops with 3 finger motions on this trackpad. Having a second monitor anyway is a bonus now that lets me just keep iTunes or Outlook open on the side.

4) Speed - Lion and the upgrades I've added to this MBP (listed above) have made this computer incredibly fast. I can crunch through 500,000 row Excel spreadsheets, update my iPhone firmware, and watch a 720p YouTube without any noticeable hitches. Startup takes less than 10 seconds, waking from start is instantaneous (so awesome and useful!), install speeds are zippy.

5) Prettiness - beautiful work machines can inspire better and more creative work. It does more than just make me want to use the MBP more - it's a constant reminder of how careful planning, bold design choices, good engineering, and hard work make inspirational products.

Clearly I'm a fan. Still, I'm going to deduct a star for three reasons:

1) Price - it's expensive for the components inside. The price essentially values the Lion OS X and integrated software/hardware at something like $200 over similar Windows systems.

2) Fragile aesthetics - the aluminum frame scratches a little too easily and the glossy screen picks up fingerprints/oil. I'm babying the hell out of this MBP, which means taking off my aircraft aluminum watch before using it and wiping its screen down about once every other day.

3) Glossy screen - screen glare makes working in sunlight basically impossible."
"College student, This is my first review on Amazon so please bare with me.

I am a college student that was looking for a laptop. And at first I was thinking I was going to get something like a i7 with dedicated Gpu windows computer. But I am glad I didn't!
FOR ALL WINDOWS FANS, first of all I want to share that I do not hate windows since I game on my windows desktop that I built myself.But my experience with windows laptops has not been the best. Always had miscellaneous problems with video drivers, screen, touch pad you name it! But I thought to myself that hey! at least I have really good spec laptop. Wrong! once I switched to mac all those things seemed unacceptable! I have now noticed that apple really take their time making their laptops and quality is there as well! Now here are some of my reviews of the specs.

Cpu- although its a dual core it has more than enough speed for everyday use
Gpu- although its a integrated gpu it has more than enough everyday power for regular use. (unless your a gamer, or need the dedicated gpu for high demanding work) , which a lot of us do not need for college.
Hard drive - this is the one thing I am considering upgrading for the 5400 rpm speed to a 7200 rpm hard drive since it is a cheap but effective upgrade for boot times and opening apps.
Ram - this I am not even considering upgrading since this ram is fast and 4GB is more than enough for everyday use. The only reason I would upgrade is if I would be running many apps at the same time.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous. I will also say it is much better than I expected! Since the contrast of colors makes it seem so crisp! I would go as far as saying the colors and contrast is better than some pc laptops with higher res screens.
Cooling design- I also think this is better since MB's do not has fans under and on the sides where when you have it on your lap it will suck in a considering of dust. The mac-book's cooling system is made in a way where you can actually consider it a LAP top.

Other things like DVD-RW drive was my deal breaker to get the non-retina pro since I need it.
Also the network plug is a plus since if you do not have reliable wifi it will come in handy!
Back-lit keyboard which also was a must and is am glad to say it is very good.
Speakers- are the one thing I miss from my windows laptop. Since these are loud enough if there are no loud obstructions near you, but do not let throw you off because they are fine for moderate noises for example: at starbucks.
Touchpad- this is the most profound thing that makes any other touchpad inferior and make it feel way ahead of it's time! Makes web browsing a breeze and switching either from windows, to desktop or anything a breeze!

This laptop is light enough to carry in your backpack the whole day. Has a nice aluminum finish, but I considered getting a sleeve and case to ensure I would not damage or scratch it.

If you need the extra performance I would strongly urge you to get a 15"" MBP since they have the added dedicated Gpu, i7 Cpu, and better speakers.
If you need a windows operating system for a app then I would urge you to partition your hard drive for both os systems since you will still use mac os much much much more!

All in all many people (like me) think they need a high spec laptop for school which is not true! I would strongly urge you to try out a macbook! It made me switch and I am sure you will too!"
"I've made the switch from PC to Mac, and I'm a fangirl now.,  So, I was concerned if I would have difficulty making the switch since I have used windows all my life but I was very much surprised and pleased that this was the easiest transition to a new laptop ever. Usually it takes days or weeks to get back on your feet when you switch to a new system, the macbook was not the case. Sure, there are muscle memory problems I will need to sort out as far as remembering that Control and Command are different and that in my case, I continually hit control when I mean command for simple shortcuts. Overall tho, the ease of use is amazing. The speed of this laptop is exceptional, and I know some people hate apples walled garden approach to things like their app store, but I find it nice. It took me about a day to get everything I need on here, my content transferred, my system and apps updated, and to get the hang of where things are and how to navigate.

I seriously love it.

I have not mastered gestures yet, but in the case of it being there it's a novel concept and will prove to be very useful.
The keyboard is excellent.
The hardware is responsive, silent, and pretty.
It doesn't get warm at all and it's light weight.
iPhoto is sweet, and the build in apps are all well done and easy to operate.

I'll update as I get more familiar with it, but I couldn't be happier with this choice."
Great Deal! I always wanted to buy a Mac book pro. I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time. I'm loving my Mac and I recommend for anyone wanting to buy a laptop.
"Are You Kidding Me?  As a lifelong PC lover, I not only hated MACs, but thought they were akin to an instrument of the Evil Empire.

After three PC fiascoes in a row - I switched! What did I have to lose?

What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief!

The MacBook is an author/teacher's dream. I'm sure it is same for any profession. Not only is it fast (furiously fast), but I languish in the comfort of having no interruptions by virus checkers, malware seekers, and updaters. The Mac is a dignified computer that allows the user to do his/her job without interruption - and the ease of finding materials, multiple desktops, multiple Apps, and smooth transitions all combine to make my job easier and more enjoyable.

If you're reading this from a PC - you're doing yourself a disservice. Pay the few extra bucks and get a MAC!"
"Does NOT include iDVD  You will find iDVD missing from the installed iLife package.

If you want iDVD (and most eventually will) you will have to purchase it separately by buying iLife 11 on disk. (Available from Amazon.)

Included with this computer is iMovie 11, but NO WAY to make a DVD of your movie.

As compared to my previous MacBook, the changes are as follows:

1) The battery is no longer user replaceable. This means the computer has to be taken to the shop for repair. This also means you probably will want remove all of your data from the hard drive for security reasons prior to servicing. My previous MacBook allowed replacement of the internal battery in 10 seconds, with no tools.

2) OS 10.8 is definitely ""dumbed down"" as compared with 10.6. 10.8 now has ""Windows like"" hidden files (this can be disabled).

3) ""Bounce"" has been removed from the Apple Mail program. ""Bounce"" is a great tool to let people know you don't want any further e-mails from them. ( Third parties have a fix for this defect also.)

4) No installation disk (DVD) is included. This means that should you need to repair or rebuild your computer you are absolutely dependent on the existence and availability of Apple's servers. You cannot repair your machine without Internet access. Many experts advise creating your own installation disk (DVD) to make up for this mistake. I intend to do this.

5) No more ""Save As"". This has been replaced with a more complicated ""duplicate"" feature. Less intuitive and a higher workload.

6) The default security settings intimidate you into thinking that downloading software from anywhere other than the Apple Store is less secure. This setting can be changed to take the computer out of ""nanny mode"". I suspect in the future, Macs will become like iPhones so that only software from the Apple Store can be installed.

6) I like the lighted keyboard and the built-in DVD drive. I would never purchase a computer without an optical drive.

This computer is still superior to anything running Windows. However, it is definitely a downgrade from previous MacBook models."
Thank god I could fix it Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it. Power plug was damaged, it would not charged. No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault. Dirty ports (ethernet, fire wire USB) I was very surprised because usually Amazon is very good at inspecting and making sure all products are top of the line.
"Another great MacBook Pro, easy to upgrade  Apple's released another great MacBook Pro.

The MagsSafe 2 is an improvement in that it provides a more elegant vertical cable orientation rather than the original MagSafe connection that stuck out horizontally (like traditional cables). Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection. Apple does provide a MagSafe to MagSafe 2 Converter.

Unlike the 13"" MacBook Pro or new MacBook Pro with Retina Display, this model does include an Ethernet port.

The new Thunderbolt port replaces the previous Mini Displayport from the previous generation. It provides much more flexibility for connectivity. There's an increasing number of Thunderbolt accessories such as external disk drives and displays, though you do pay a price for the improved performance. The same port is compatible with existing MiniDisplay accessories and cables, which lets you connect a display via HDMI, DVI, or VGA with various adapters. If you have devices that use a regular DisplayPort, adapters from Mini DisplayPort to DisplayPort are also available.

The Firewire 800 port provides support for existing FireWire 800 digital video devices or external hard drives.

The 2 USB ports have been upgraded to support the much faster USB 3.0 devices while retaining support for existing USB 2.0 devices. USB 3.0 hard drives like the Western Digital My Passport 1 TB USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive are great for TimeMachine backups. TimeMachine now supports FileVault encryption, and TimeMachine provides the option to Encrypt Backup Disk when you connect a compatible disk the first time.

The SDXD card slot supports SD cards up to 64GB cards. It's ideal for transferring photos from your digital camera. You can also use an SD card as a startup disk such as a custom ""rescue disk"" that also has applications like the essential Alsoft DiskWarrior 4.0 or Drive Genius 3. NOTE: If you use FileVault 2 to encrypt your entire hard drive, you'll have to decrypt it before using any 3rd party utilities run from an external drive.

The Audio In port works with standard 3.5"" mics, while the adjacent Headphone / Audio Out port does 3 things. It supports standard analog audio out using a 3.5"" cable, digital output using a mini-optical to Toslink cable. It also supports the iPhone headphone with Mic and remote (and compatible headphones) that allow you to have audio in and out in one port. It's ideal for FaceTime chats and VoIP applications.

The FaceTime camera in the top bezel supports full 720p HD.

While the battery life is rated at 7 hours, my time averages about 5 hours, but it recharges very quickly.

I'm a fan of Extended Warranties like the well-known AppleCare, which allows you to take your computer to your nearest Apple store and let the Geniuses take care of the rest. I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support ""accidents"" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare. Unlike AppleCare, though, it's a mail-in service with a 5-day guaranty.

All of that's great, but to really soup it up, I upgraded the RAM to 16 GB with something like the Corsair Vengeance Laptop Memory Kit 16 GB (2x8 GB) DDR3 1600MHz CL10 PC3 12800 (CMSX16GX3M2A1600C10). That's a quick upgrade that even a novice can do in under 30 minutes. You'll need a small phillips screw driver and a nylon pry tool. If you're going to do any upgrades such as RAM or hard drive, I recommend the NewerTech 11 Piece Computer ToolKit. It contains all the various screw drivers (phillips and torx) needed for Apple devices and 2 nylon pry tools.

Another upgrade that's a little more difficult is upgrading the hard drive to either a larger drive like the Western Digital 1 TB Scorpio Blue SATA II 5400 RPM 8 MB Cache 2.5-Inch Bulk/OEM Notebook Hard Drive - WD10JPVT or an SSD flash drive like the Crucial 256 GB m4 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/s CT256M4SSD2.

Both of those upgrades shouldn't void the warranty according to the FTC's Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act of 1975, though the upgraded components would be covered by its manufacturer's warranty and not Apple.

I use a lot of virtual machines and photo and video editing software, so I went all-out, though, and used the OWC Data Doubler Optical drive to SATA Hard Drive/SSD Converter to replace the SuperDrive with the stock hard drive, installed 16 GB RAM, and a 256 GB SSD. NOTE: These modifications are NOT covered by AppleCare, and I wouldn't recommend going that far unless you're comfortable with more advanced computer issues.

That said, this laptop is screaming and wicked-fast. I easily see it lasting me 4+ years."
13.3 mbp with 8 gb ram upgrade,  After a couple of lemon PC products, I chose to try out a Mac hoping that it would provide a quality experience on par with its price. First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on. But about a week after I got it, it started to randomly lose wifi... sometimes once a day, sometimes five times in five minutes. I contacted Apple Care 3 times about the issue. They did what they could (which was nothing except tell me that they would fix the problem over and over without ever admitting that there was a any "real" problem). Though friendly, Apple Care was far from truly helpful. I looked up online and found that this is a persisting and common problem with Macs. Apple refuses to admit that there is a problem and maintains that even though there are thousands of bloggers with their own angry stories. Macs are sold and marketed as a business and school laptop... but it fails miserably since it cannot be relied upon for a business transaction or a online test (my sister bought the same one and has the same problems... she prays every time she takes an online exam it doesnt disconnect). On top of that the track pad is now randomly becoming unrsponsive to trying to click a selectioin and sometimes even just to move the cursor. My sisters has similar problems to include "losing" the cursor and spending a good thirty seconds messing with the track pad to get it to reappear. 1200 bucks for a laptop that cannot do the simplest things correctly... on top of all that, I have been restarting it at least once a day to keep it working... eg skype camera won't work unless I have just restarted it and my internet when connected will not work until I do the same. GOOGLE these problems and YOU WILL SEE that I am not alone.... What a dissapointment.
Screen started flickering and freeze after just 4 months.,  I am writing this review after using it for around 6 months. It worked fine for 4 months. After that the screen started flickering and I had to forcibly shutdown the laptop with power button. I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion". The problem seemed to be resolved. But once I started trying to upgrade to Maverics, as soon as I open iTunes to download the new OS the screen started flickering again for few seconds and screen goes grey. I had to press the power button. And when I come back and open the iTunes again, same problem comes. Not sure if it is a s/w or h/w issue. I am no longer in US to even go to the store for any replacement of warranty stuff. I spent a lot of money on it hoping that I would enjoy by buy. btw, I didn't use this laptop much as I go to work and come back late at night.
surprisingly disappointed While there are things I love about this computer - the screen and the speed - I have been surprisingly disappointed. It is really heavy for a laptop, I keep having to ring tech support for bits that are crashing and no longer working, I don't find it very user friendly (though final cut pro really is!), and strangest of all, it's too hot to have on your lap!!! I'm sure part of my ongoing dissatisfaction around the lack of ease to use is that I am no longer used to Mac's having been on pc for ages, but most of the problems listed above are not related to this shift. I guess I expected to be wowed and I am missing my pc. Never wanted to have to say that about an apple product. And I certainly won't be jumping to an Air, as that has no memory and the lightness of the model seems thwarted by having to carry around and external hard drive - as my friend who has one needs to.
"Not Ready for Real-World Work Indeed, this has extraordinary graphics and speed. I own an iPhone, iPad and Apple TV, and long ago my first computer was an Apple II+ and I loved using the old Macintoshes in the 80s. So, I'm partial to Apple. Their products, including the MBP, are beautiful, sleek and clever. I haven't had an Apple computer in a long time.

However, other than its graphics capability, this Apple computer and apparently its brethren are not ready for real work in the professional world. Apple remains a novelty item mostly living on its own island, preferring to interact with its own tribe on its own terms. I spent $5,000 on the best version of this machine available and peripherals, so I could switch from a PC. After two months of trying to make it do the things my PC laptop did, I'm about to ditch it all and buy another PC. I don't do this lightly. I've put many hours in to trying to make this work.

Among the reasons:
1. My printer won't work with this so I bought a new printer.
2. My scanner won't work with this so I spent $150 for special software inferior to the original.
3. My professional software doesn't work on Apple so I run those programs through Parallels. That makes them so very slow, more complicated, and less usable.
4. The Word processing program is a more limited accommodation of the Apple system. Same for Excel, etc.
5. The mail program is inadequate for managing a lot of email from multiple sources.
6. The keyboard is awful and makes it a chore to navigate around a document. People who do a lot of work fast need to move around a document. We need buttons for going to the beginning and end of a document, page up and page down, and so forth. On an Apple these and other functions are either missing, hard to use, or you have to use multiple keystrokes to do them as a work-around.
7. The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key. Again, you have to do a work-around to delete, rather than just push a button.
8. Also, the engineers at Apple don't think people use faxes anymore. Please note Apple: The world still uses faxes and you don't. It took me extra time and money to buy an external modem that would work with a Macbook, and to set it up specially with this OS. Then I learned that I can't fax out of the Mac using my professional cover page. Their cover page is nothing more than a few words on a blank piece of paper and of course looks like it was done by a 10-year-old. Again, Apple is not ready for the professional world, it's a novelty. My PC does this very easily and it looks good. I had to work around this through Windows run through Parallels. Therefore, I also had to install another version of Word through Parallels to handle the documents to be faxed. More work-arounds that are clunky, slow, and bothersome.

Peripherals are very pretty, and not very functional.
1. The Thunderbolt display is magnificently beautiful but rigidly low in functioning. It doesn't turn, bend, or look up and down. You do it their way or not at all. And it only talks with certain macs and never, ever anything else. You fit to the display, it doesn't try to fit to your needs. My Dell display fits what I need physically and electronically.
2. The external keyboard I bought is cute and useless for hard work. It belongs in a dollhouse or the hands of a teenager writing emails and tweets. A waste of money. I bought a better one from another company.
3. The magic mouse is the same ... cute and clever, but not ready for someone who needs to use the computer to write, edit, move documents, scroll around and navigate through web pages often. A waste of money. I bought a better one from another company.
4. The Time Capsule I bought has great wifi and it works wonderfully with a Mac. However, not so much with anything else. It's dropped my PC on the wifi net so I can't use it to store or transfer data, which it still communicates very well with the Mac. So now the work-around is to move information back and forth with an HDD or flash drive. Ridiculous, I know. But I can't use the Mac to do the things the PC did for me so I have to have one foot in each system, still trying to make the MBP work.

I spent a lot of time at the Apple store using my $99 one-to-one service being told ""No, you can't do that on a Mac."" One-to-One service had its problems:

Like the Apple products, the staff at the store was also attractive, smiling, rigid and unaccommodating. You do it their way or the highway. I do my professional work every day out of my laptop. The service included transferring all my data to the Mac, but they wanted me to leave it with them for three days even though the actual work would take far less time. Losing the machine for three days would be very hard. I had a three and a half day span in which I didn't have appointments so I could give it up for a day. I called them beforehand to ask if we could work together to get it done in one day. The woman didn't want to discuss it or hand me over to a manager. She told me to drive to the store to talk about it.

I drove to the store that night after work and met with another employee, explaining I'd accommodate them any way they want as long as I just leave it for a day. She didn't turn me over to a manger. She told me to come back the next day to have it done as a one-to-one session. I came back the next day where the employee said he couldn't do this because he wasn't told it was a PC-to-Mac and he doesn't do that. He went back and forth to someone in charge, but wouldn't let me speak with anyone who could work with me. So he reiterated that the only way to do this was to leave it with them for three days, acknowledging that almost all that time it would be sitting on a shelf. I said no thanks.

So the bottom line is that
1. The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities.
2. However, you have to adjust yourself to what it will do, not what you want it to do. It does much less than what PC's do.
3. It works extremely well with other Apple products. The synchronization between the MBP and my Apple TV, iPhone and iPad is amazing and easy.
4. It does not work well with any other systems or products.
5. It is not ready for many forms of professional use.

Right now I'm in a quandary. I've spent a lot of money and massive amounts of time trying to make this into a professional's machine. Instead, it is becoming a toy I use for limited purposes in the field, bringing information back to the PC system to be managed, communicated and stored. This is, of course, a very deep disappointment. I thought this had so much promise."
"The Computer for the few of us For a premium laptop sold in 2013, the Apple MacBook Pro (13 inch, base model) is about as basic as it gets: no SSD, no discrete graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen. But Apple does not pretend it has any of these. What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.

Now, the question is, who is this computer for? Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs. The average computer user will be served better by a Macbook Air, since it is faster (for basic tasks), lighter, and has a higher-res antiglare screen. The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution. This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair. Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge. The processor is roughly 15% faster than the one inside the Macbook Air, which also extends this computer's usable lifespan.

The fact that the screen is fairly low-res for the price (MBP 13 has a res of 1280x800, while other windows laptops have a res of 1600x900 for the same price), really detracts from my personal experience with the computer. The retina display of my iPhone 5 has indeed spoiled me, and Apple should update the screen of the MBP 13 or bring down the price of the retina model. This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value. Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer. Those looking to drop $1200 on a new laptop will have to decide if the upgradability and processor performance is worth the money over the sleeker MacBook Air. In addition, if Mac OSX is not something you enjoy using, then I would advise that you look elsewhere for a laptop.

TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive."
"Great computer for both consumers and professionals., I bought my MacBook Pro 13"" two weeks and I'm amazed by how good this machine is. I was having a though time deciding between the 13"" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13"" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail) I went for the MacBook pro because I needed lots of storage and 128gb on the MacBook Air are just not enough for me and even if I had bought the MacBook Air it would had defeated the purpose of the Air since it wouldn't be so ""portable"" if I had to take an external Hard drive everywhere with me.

So... Pros and Cons:

Pros:

Speed: This MacBook pro is fast, really fast, it boots up in around 30 seconds, apps open quickly and the MacBook doesn't lag when it comes to video editing, and Photoshop also runs decently.

Design: The computer has a great design, its not that thick, it has all the necessary ports, even a battery indicator which I think is awesome, it also has USB 3 which is really nice and fast

Keyboard: The keyboard is amazing, the keys are sensitive and it feels amazing to type on them, the keyboard is backlit, which is perfect for typing in low lights situations.

Trackpad: The glass trackpad is really nice, its big, the entire trackpad is a button and the gestures are really nice. Simply the best trackpad I've used.

Battery: Battery life is pretty good, I get around 5-6 hours doing normal tasks.

OS X: This is my first mac and I'm impressed by OS X Mountain Lion, it comes with no 3th party software, it comes with all the apps you need + the Mac App Store is great for finding new apps. The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful. I'm coming from Windows 7 and the switch was quite easy for me.

Cons:

Screen: I think 1280-by-800 is quite low for a computer this expensive and that its claimed to be a professional notebook, even the 13"" MacBook air has a better display. Don't get me wrong, the display is not that bad looking, in fact its quite good, but for something this expensive it will be nice if it came with a better screen.

Overall this is a great computer, its fast, has a great design, big storage (Even though it's a bit slow, but I'm planning on upgrading to a SSD soon) and awesome battery life. I will recommend this MacBook to anyone looking for a good portable notebook.

One more thing, Windows users don't let OS X stop you from switching, the first days it's a bit hard to get used to it but after you will love Mountain Lion, and if you need any specific windows application that wont run in OS X there's plenty of ways of getting Windows 7 in a Macintosh"
"Worst Mac puchase since 1984...,  I am really sorry I bought this machine.

I own a 13"" air, a 15"" Macbook pro (both prior generations).

I was shocked at how much worse this product has been since my first purchase.

I have never been to a genius bar since my first purchase (1984).

This machine has made me go there 5 times and has been nothing but a continuous problem.

Finally, they are sending it in for a motherboard replacement. (It's a lemon).

So, I'm cooled on Mac buys. I guess those Chinese workers really are unhappy.

Update November 1, 2012...

On my last visit to the Genius Bar they sent the machine in to replace the motherboard.

It came back today. They did not replace the motherboard. Instead they ""tightened"" a loose wire.

It also has a big new scratch on the top cover.

I started it up and it still has the same problem I went in to fix.

So I'm going back to Genius Bar for visit #6.

I think it may have to be ""Apple Don't Care"" instead of Apple Care."
"Apple: they make a mean Laptop, Years ago I only use XP, but the debacle with Vista left me looking for a new OS. I turned to Linux distributions. Ubuntu, Mint, and many others offer a great variety of OS to fit my needs. After years of doing that, I tried my first Mac. So, here's an aging geek's take on the Mac.
Getting accustomed:
The first time you start a Mac it take a few minutes to understand the gestures. What makes all the screens visible, shifts from one workspace to another, and scrolling a page. Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously. I found my experience was not atypical when a friend bought her first Mac and was able to make the gestures a habit within a day of on and off use.
Browsing files and starting programs is a little different that windows, but it's easy to figure out. To browse local files, use the Finder and to find a program, use the Launchpad.
Compared to Windows 8, figuring out how to use a Mac is a walk in the park. I have a Win8 machine gathering dust because of this laptop.
Hardware:
I built many computers. Most of then are 4+ cores and built for speed. Apple hardware is not the newest, but it's rock solid. They make products that work! Everything is fluid and intuitive- something that can't be said about Win8.
Software:
Like it's hardware, these Macbooks have well tuned software that simply works. For those who need to use a Windows program, a program called Parallels works very well to run those programs on a Mac.
Price:
Yes, you pay a premium for this kind of hardware and software. Is it worth it? If you are looking for a long term, everyday laptop- the Macbook is an ideal choice. If you need something that will get trashed (going on deployment, you tend to drop your laptop, ect) or you just need something short term, maybe an investment in a laptop isn't best. For some people, a tablet is a better choice. Samsung makes the Note 10.1 and 8 which read handwriting very well. Choose hardware that will fit your life.
Overall:
Great product for home and/or business users that need a full laptop. Instead of buying a low cost laptop every 2-3 years, get a Mac which will last you 10 years.
Note:
Please take care of your battery, no matter what laptop/tablet you have. Try to fully discharge a battery before recharging it. When recharging it, recharge it fully. Please, please, don't leave a laptop plugged into the wall all day- you are killing the battery. Charge, drain, repeat."
"MacBook batteries expanding, My daughter's MacBook Air battery bulged deforming the keyboard several days ago. It took 3 days to make an appointment at the local Apple store. I'm not sure what happened next but she came back home crying with a piece of paper in her hand $129 for a new battery, $39 to replace it and $139 for a new keyboard. I could not believe they did not consider the battery as defective so I went to the Apple store myself and asked for a manager. He explained to me the battery expansion is ""normal"". Apple doesn't cover battery expansion under any circumstances not even under their Apple Care. The battery is simply considered ""consumable"" and NOT covered.

I asked the manager if he feels comfortable with me posting the picture of the MacBook Air on the internet with the description that Apple doesn't consider the product defective. His reply astonished me, looking down at me behind his thick glasses he said: ""Make sure you have your facts straight before you smear! They will contact you."" He didn't specify who are ""they"" but from the tone of his voice and his 6'5"" posture it indicated something between the SWAT team and a bunch of LAWYERS.

Here is my take on all of this, the business model Apple pushes right now is to get some cheap junk from China, hire a bunch of cheerleaders straight out of high school, call them geniuses, and bully everybody who complains about their product. Steve Jobs is dead, so is Apple.
No more Apple devices in my household. Please Google ""MacBook battery bulge explode"" before you buy your next Apple toy."
Best College Laptop, HANDS DOWN!  I have owned many Macs in the past and this particular MacBook sure takes the win. I had gotten this model for $1199.00 on my State's tax-free weekend and had a $100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy! It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags. The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself. Although there are higher performance Macs on the market, you just cannot beat the value for what you get in this 13-inch MacBook Pro. I for one believe that the Retina lineup for MacBook Pro's are pointless unless you are a professional photographer. The fact that I cannot upgrade RAM or HDD is ridiculous. I have currently upgraded my MacBook Pro with 16gb of 1600mhz RAM and an OCZ Vector 512gb. It is BLAZING fast! Not to say it wasn't fast before but with the upgrades its just incredible. I would highly recommend this 13-inch MacBook Pro to any College student, Moderate Gamer, or anyone who simply wants a great portable laptop with a sturdy construction and reliable software.
Mac is simply the best .You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device. They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance. Yes, Mac laptops are more expensive than the competitors' products. I work with Windows-based machines (including Windows XT, 7 and 8) at work, and I believe they simply do not match the performance of Mac laptops. When you add the ability to synchronize all of your Apple devices through iCloud and iTunes, there simply is no comparison with a MacBook Pro.
Best Computer I've EVER used!!  At first I was quite nervous about buying it, because I've always bought computers from other brands that had Windows system, and I thought that Mac may have a system difficult to work with. But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use. I highly recommended. :)
Runs as perfect as day one! Everything just works without hesitation or crashing! worth every penny!,  Well it has been about a year now that I have had this MacBook Pro..... I have had desk tops,by hp,dell,then went to laptops when those broke.I have had hp,acer,asus....always buying what was on sale,or looked good to me. Apple always seemed out of reach,too expensive,part of a cult...just something didn't make me want to be "part of" the Apple crowd.The one day my $1100 hp got a virus,started running slow...attempts to have fixed cost me $300 only tho have it s l o w way down again.Frustrated I did research... I use computers for making videos,making music,connecting my guitar to,photos,amazon shopping,e mail,facebook ect....Apple came WITH Garage Band/ I play guitar, Apple comes with imovie maker,photo booth,dedicated iphoto and many many more preloaded programs...these programs I would have to re-buy if I were to get another Windows machine... I wanted to make the most out of my next laptop purchase and wanted the best....so after hours and hours of research I ended up buying Macbook Pro 13" as seen on this page....boy o boy $1400 was expensive! However if I were to buy a good Windows Machine and all the programs I use I would probably pay close to that amount/ but divided up in different payments...so here i am a year later... I was afraid I couldn't "use" this Macbook,,,,,,,I heard you could take free class's to learn how to use Apple products at the Apple store, I was afraid of words like intuitive,and come natural... I hated reading how everyone said "oh boy this is the best thing ever" and I hated reading people saying they would never go back to Windows machine... I mean "who are these people trying to brain wash?"......so fast forward one year later..........THIS THING IS AWESOME!!!!!!! Every program I would have bought came FREE on this computer! I have made many video's! I have ALL my itunes music on here! Using the built in photo booth with effects is a BLAST! I downloaded google Chrome and use that as my "go to" screen and search...and I know I must be missing something on Apples Safari... but here is the bottom line....... EVERYTHING WORKS! The first TIME! NO crash's! No reboots! NO slowing down! No freezing up! making videos and dragging photos and music is a breeze! and works every time perfectly and QUICK! the track pad is awesome! I thought I would need a mouse...but nope. this thing works every time as perfect as day one! one finger to move the screen pointer and 2 fingers to scroll a page without hesitation! and works as quickly as you want it to! After a year of constant use NO CRASH"S, NO SLOWING DOWN,Runs as perfect as the first day I opened the box! and all the programs that come with! and the ease of use of any program! and how quickly it reacts! and the ability to communicate with my ipod and others Ipads/pods in the house is perfect! I hate how I absolutely LOVE using this machine! NEVER AN ISSUE with anything! the only thing I could find that I didn't like was.........there was no arrow back button....it is the "delete" key.....and when you hold the delete key....it doesn't take off like a madman and erase everything you just wrote......that is the only issue I have in a year....I read on many websites,including Apple website that the average life of the battery was 5 or 6 years before signs of battery issues show.....so now going on year #2 with this thing and I have become one of those reviews I hated to read... I have become someone who will buy ANOTHER APPLE when I need to...in the long run it is cheaper than replacing a Windows machine every 8 months - year and a half....and it runs as quick as the first day I opened the box! the WOW! factor has been there ALL YEAR LONG! the only limitation is the quality of the internet provider...took mine to work and accessed internet/shared by 60 PLUS computers...and found retrieving pages took a microsecond longer than at home.......this thing is the best! Very easy to use,Very easy to find photos,Very easy to play music,Very easy to watch movies,Very easy to make music,Very easy to make movies,Very easy at everything! The was absolutely no "learning curve" every time I wanted to do something/find something I tried and IT WORKED! and I thought I was the genius....but I learned APPLE just makes things that work and are easy to work with......the only reason I wrote this review was for people who were like me,tired of wondering what computer WON"T crash, what is the best in the long run, and just how easy is this Apple thing.... 365 days of this computer acting like a brand new machine without hesitations or flaws....being used hours and hours a day! this certainly gave me my monies worth and still going!
"Now I've ""Gone Mac"", and I'll NEVER, EVER Go Back!!, I got this Apple MacBook Pro 13.3-Inch Laptop as a Christmas gift (though it was actually bought from Best Buy during the ""Black Friday"" sales) from my family this past holiday season (Christmas 2013) and even though I've only had it for a little over four months, so far I ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY LOVE my MacBook Pro!!!

Although this is the FIRST Mac computer I've ever owned (though its not the first Apple product I've had -- I got an iPad Mini a little over a year ago). I have been wanting to switch from PCs to Mac/Apple for a LONG, LONG time because I HATE Bill Gates (but that's a separate issue!) with a PASSION and I absolutely despise Microsoft and Windows-based computers. Until I got this MacBook Pro, ALL the computers I've had were PCs going all the way back to Windows 3.1 in the early 90's. But, no matter what kind of computer I've had (whether laptops, desktops or netbooks) and regardless of the brand (whether HP, Acer, Toshiba, Dell, Gateway, or some generic brand), and no matter what Windows operating system it used (whether Windows 3.1, Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows NT, Windows XP or Windows Vista), I had nothing but problems with the PCs from day one, with constant screen freezing, computer crashes, incredible slowness, viruses, spyware/malware/adware (despite anti-virus protection and anti-spyware/malware/adware software) and other hassles, while, most, if not every Apple user I spoke to said how much easier and user-friendly that Mac was -- and my own experiences using Apple/Macintosh computers all through school from elementary school through high school, was further confirmation. However, although I'd been wanting to switch to Mac for the past several years, I hesitated because of the price. I couldn't really afford it, and although I mentioned to my family how much I wanted to switch from PC to Mac, I didn't want to ask them (since they usually give major electronic items like computers as their main Christmas gift) to spend $1,200+ for a MacBook instead of the $500 -$600 max that they'd otherwise spend on a PC computer bought at Black Friday ""door-buster"" sales. So for at least 3-4 years I kept using the same crappy Windows laptop, while looking long and hard and comparing different Macintosh models and dreaming of someday being able to switch -- which finally happened this past Black Friday, when Best Buy had a sale for the 13 inch MacBook Pro for under $1,000 (okay it was $999, but still under $1,000!) which my family got me for Christmas. I am so glad they did, because I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my MacBook Pro!

I am also VERY glad that my family got me THIS model, and NOT the Retina version, because the non-Retina MacBook Pro is the ONLY Apple/Mac product available now that still comes with an internal optical drive (although internal disc drives are not really a necessity with desktop models [like the Mac Mini or the iMac computers] that remain stationary and do not need to be carried around everywhere). Personally, I would MUCH rather have THIS MacBook Pro, and I think its RIDICULOUS that the Retina version does not include an internal optical drive! Having no internal Blu-Ray in ANY of its products is bad enough but, especially, given the price-tag for MacBooks, lacking even a basic CD/DVD drive is ridiculous. Just because the greedy concept of ""planned obsolecence"" deems it necessary, does NOT mean that some of us are going to suddenly stop using and abandon/dispose of our dozens (if not hundreds!) of DVDs, CDs, cassette tapes and vinyl records, and just jump up to blindly embrace a disc-less and virtual future!

I mean, although I only have probably about a half dozen or so Blu-Rays, I have HUNDREDS of CDs & DVDs (I lost count somewhere around 100, and wasn't 1/4 or even 1/8 of the way through the collection!) including both commercially-produced CDs & DVDs of music, movies & TV shows, as well as home-burned CDs and DVDs. I also have a few dozen vinyl records, and what seems like several hundred VHS videotapes, and audio-cassettes (either commercially-produced or purchased as blanks & painstakingly recorded personally) bought & collected, nearly all of which I still watch or listen to at one time or another. Many of us are not able to just jump like a jackrabbit from one latest technological craze to the next, from vinyl records and 8-tracks, to cassette tapes, to CDs and now to mp3s & iTunes, and from Betamax to VHS, to laser-discs to DVDs, to HD-DVDs, to Blu-Rays, and now to online video streaming. More importantly, not all of us are willing (or able to afford!) to suddenly replace our collections of music, movies and TV shows, recorded in a certain format, just because the technology has arbitrarily changed, often necessitating the re-purchase of that media in the new format. Which is why, even though I now DO have an mp3 player (which just got recently in the past year or two), an Apple TV (which I got from my brother this past Christmas) and a Sony television set with online streaming, I also still have & use not only a DVD player/recorder, but also a VCR, a 200 disc CD changer, a stereo with AM/FM radio & dual-cassette tape deck, and even a record player (a NEW Sony PS-LX250H Automatic Belt-Drive Turntable that I got a year or so ago) for vinyl LPs. Because its all videos or music which I enjoy watching or listening to, but yet, for the most part, I still don't like enough to waste money paying yet again to download it from iTunes (or other online streaming). Although it would probably be cheaper overall to just convert the music and videos to digital format on my own, it would probably take a lifetime to transfer everything -- and I'm not going to spend money to buy equipment to convert them to a format (like mp3) especially when, in a few years, it will likely just be deemed obsolete anyway!

Which is another reason why I ? my MacBook Pro! I LOVE that it includes an internal CD/DVD drive (and best of all, UNLIKE all my previous PC laptops, its NOT a bulky CD/DVD drawer, but rather just a sleek thin slot on one edge of the laptop). I'm almost always using my computer's CD/DVD drive to see movie or TV show DVDs or listen to CDs, and in my opinion having to carry additional components, like an external DVD drive totally defeats the purpose of even having a laptop (being a virtual replacement/equivalent to a desktop computer and yet also being portable enough to use it just holding it in one's hands while mobile!). Furthermore, its not like there's nothing available for those who want portable computing devices without optical drives. There ARE already more than enough options for them. They're called netbooks, iPads, iPad Minis, tablets, some kinds of Kindles, MacBook Airs, and even to a lesser degree, iPhones, smartphones and iPods -- and its one thing to make those without any disc drives because they are SUPPOSED to be ultra-portable, and CD/DVD drives would take up too much space & weight to keep them small and lightweight. But regular laptops are different, and what's the point of even having a laptop if a user is going to be bogged down having to lug around a bunch of other external peripherals like CD/DVD or Blu-Ray drives (as well as discs they want to play) external hard drives & USB ""thumb"" jump storage drives, along with the requisite power cords/battery chargers................they may as well get a stationary desktop computer! UGH!!!! :\

In any case, the now-rare (since Apple have discontinued the internal optical drives in the 15 inch & 17 inch MacBooks and are planning to phase them out in the 13 inch ones) internal CD/DVD drive, is just one of the MANY things that I LOVE about my Apple 13.3-Inch MacBook Pro. Even with only 4GB of RAM memory (though I'm considering buying a 16 GB of RAM memory ""upgrade"" from Crucial.com in the near future) this MacBook is LIGHTNING-FAST compared to any of the Windows computers I've ever had. Not only is it much faster, but Mac is far easier to use. For example, with every single one of the crappy Windows computers I've ever had, the screen/system would be freezing AT LEAST once or twice a day, if not more -- whereas in just the 4 or so months since Christmas that I've had this MacBook, I've only had like 1 incident of minor (far easier to handle than when the Windows PCs would freeze!) screen freezing, and even that was only when I was installing/updating some software so, in my opinion, the freezing was understandable -- and when I called Tech Support, Apple handled it so efficiently, that as soon as I spoke to them and did what they suggested, the computer was immediately unfrozen and I've had NO more problems since (though I don't even consider that particular incident a ""problem"")

I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my MacBook Pro! The differences between this laptop and ANY & ALL of the Windows-based PCs I've had for the past 20+ years, is literally like NIGHT & DAY!

Not only are Apple products much sleeker, and elegant-looking, but after experiencing first-hand how much faster and easier Mac OS is compared to Windows, I will NEVER, EVER buy a Windows-based PC or device again if I can help it! If only Bill Gates would spend more time trying to fix his bug-ridden, virus-plagued crap Windows PCs, and less time getting in bed with Monsanto & Merck and trying to pollute the planet and destroy mankind..........maybe then he'd be able to manufacture a quality product that, like Apple, is not vulnerable to every single virus and bug! There's a saying I heard from Apple users who said, ""Once you go Mac, you never go back!"", and its so true! After seeing how much better it is, I'm sticking with Mac and as long as I have any say it it, I'm NEVER, EVER, EVER going back to Windows!!

Apple and Mac, ALL THE WAY, baby!!!!"
My first and won't be my last!  I'm a first time Mac user. I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years. I was skeptical at first. I thought the price was outrageous, still do, but I am glad I invested in it. I considered another Windows computer, I particularly like Windows 8 and I saw a lot of decent options from HP well under the Mac pricepoint. I visited a few stores to try them both out. But I decided since I have an iphone and ipad, it would be easier to link everything together if I got the Mac, so I did. You won't regret it! Its an awesome beautiful computer. It does everything I need, its fast, and its user friendly. If I ever run into a problem, I generally find my answer in the Apple support forums. They're extremely helpful. As far as insurance its costly, I wouldn't go with anyone besides Applecare or Best Buy's geek squad. Other cheaper options available on other sites are not trustworthy to me, plus they make you ship your computer out of the country and you are usually left without for weeks. No thank you. Bottom line, if you can afford it, get a Mac! If not, HPs are an awesome option as well, but consider lifespan and what type of user you are. Do your research!
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER, i was told this was a md103ll/a when in fact it is a mb466ll/a then when i tried to figure out what the issue was with the seller i was sent very aggressive emails this seller took no responsibility and stating that i don't know what talking about. her answer in the end was that i didn't read something that is no longer there. not only was it the wrong model it had less rom/ram and a busted hard-drive shouldn't this be illegal and it was about week-week and a half late
"Simply the best laptop made today. Can you buy a cheaper laptop that is just as fast...yes. Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook? No you cannot. There are many PC laptops that have copied the MacBook design but not one of them comes close at surpassing it. This is a laptop with almost no fault. Awesome design, great screen, great speakers, blazing SSD, and build quality only Apple seems to pull off at such a small size.

You can shop around and find a lot of laptops that have better this and better that, but where Apple excels is making everything great and not skimping on anything. That is why I love this thing.

Pros:
Awesome Screen
Good Speakers
Boots in 14 seconds
Very Fast
Best Trackpad design, no one even comes close here.
Great Keyboard
Thunderbolt

Cons:
If at certain angles edges can be a little sharp.
No DVD drive (does not bother me, but some might find it annoying)
Keyboard lacks numpad (not a big deal to me, but if you work a lot with numbers it's something to think about)
Only two USB ports (If you plan on plugging a lot of crap into your MBP then you might want to invest in a hub)

So while the MBP is not perfect, it comes closer to it then any other laptop out there. The 13' model is a sweet spot for price in my opinion. It's a very good deal and the resale value once you upgrade in 3-5 years will shock you."
"Would totally recommend Jay Brokers to anyone Like many young professionals in the arts, I needed a mac but I couldn't afford to buy it directly from the source. I took the time to search product reviews and found that Jay Brokers not only had a strong trend of great reviews (like many people on amazon), but what was unique was that they took the time to positively respond to people who had given them so-so or negative reviews.

The product was exactly how they described it in the mail: gently used with minor scratches --although they kind of exaggerated on the scratches--I had to really look to see them. It had 16 battery cycles prior to my purchase and worked brand new. They even included a complementary screen cloth. I feel bad that I'm just getting to doing this review for them because I had a great experience and I love my new mac."
"I gave it a shot,  This was my first Mac, and I bought it in hopes to step my web design game up. After learning from many who use macs, and the software that's offered, I caught a real bad case of the Joneses and purchased one of these bad boys that I had never gave much thought to in the past. I was so convinced I would love it, I bought 8 gigs of Crucial ram and a geeky toolkit to install it with (which worked very well). Sadly, I just don't get it. Well, I kind of do, but I did not fall in love with it like planned.

PROS:

1. Everything, and I mean, everything, looks beautiful. Not just the aesthetics, but every single piece of software looks great. OS X designers are light years ahead of Windows, I am 100% convinced of that.

2. The App store is amazing, and full of useful software to help with any task you need to perform, especially with Design. This is the #1 reason I wanted to switch to Mac, because of all the wonderful apps that are available that function AND look amazing.

3. The trackpad is bananas. I never used my laptops mousepad, because it sucked. The Mac's mousepad is genius.

4. The power cord confused the heck out of me at first, but once I figured it out I was very impressed. And the way it connects by a magnet is the coolest thing I have seen in a long time on a computer.

5. Expose, Spaces, and Hot corners are genius. Whoever is responsible for those deserves to retire young and be set for life.

Cons:
I can safely say that most of these cons are opinion and preference based. So please don't take offense if you don't agree.

1. Price. I am not fully convinced the high cost is worth it.

2. Performance. The performance was fine, but it didn't blow me away like some people who I talked to tried to convince me it would :) Boot up was pretty slow, a lot slower than my 3 year old Vaio running Windows 8. In fact, they pretty much run at the same speeds. But the Mac is a little faster than my Vaio when it is running Windows 7.

3. Display. The glossy screen ruined it for me. As I mentioned, I do design work, so any time I try and make something with a Dark background, the screen literally turns into a mirror. I couldn't believe it, and would not recommend a glossy screen to anyone who is going to be working on dark backgrounds, or under any kind of bright lighting. Even in lower lighting, I could still see myself more than I wanted to.

4. Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.

5. The dock and global menu are horrible compared to the rest of the features of OS X.

Unfortunately, I am returning this. I do give it 4 stars though because it truly is a great computer, but at the same time, currently, not the computer for me. One of these days I will try again, when I have more money to blow adding a Matte screen with more time to spend learning OS X. I think an iMac looks like a lot of fun."
"Best decision I have made! I spent a considerable amount of time researching what laptop to purchase, I was between a Windows 8 or MBP (non-retina and retina). I physically went to the Apple store and Best buy to compare, aesthetically and build quality there is no windows based laptop that can touch a MBP and the very few that can are almost the same cost.

What sold me on Mac is that you can run windows on it and preserve all your windows based files and software, I run Parallels 8 and love the configuration, its the best of both worlds.

Once I decided on MBP I was between the non-retina and retina, I decided on the non-retina due to the upgrading capabilities and the obvious costs difference.

The screen on the non-retina is so much better than my older dell it makes a world of difference already (I feel as if I have a retina display!)

You cant beat the price on Amazon, between the discount, no sales tax and fast shipping you cant go wrong."
"Converted!! I've used a PC since Windows 98 came out and I thought that Windows was the best a computer could be. I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts. I process my digital photos using Adobe Lightroom (Versions 2 thru 5), and my workflow was always pretty slow due to waiting for the PC to catch up to what the software was trying to accomplish.

I purchased my MBP from Amazon and never looked back. My Macbook Pro runs silky smooth and the OS is very easy to get acquainted with even though I have never used Mountain Lion before. My workflow in LR5 is so much faster and my results are also much better. I highly recommend the Macbook Pro to all serious digital photographers ...you wont be disappointed!"
"Apple does not honor it's warranty  I have bought 3 Mac Books in 4 years for my personal use.
The first Mac Book had a screen problema and it had to be replaced
The second a Mac Book Pro and third a Mac Book Air had tons of problems.
Apple never changes the computer and you will repair it forever until you realice this is trash,
Both of these where lemon computers......
Apple does not notify customers of manufacturers defects. If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers. Their repair people sometimes keep a computer for many weeks, before returning it..
I've been a faithful Apple Mac customer, but have decided never to buy one again..
Apple does not honor the warranty"
By Far Best Laptop Ever Owned  I've been with PC up to this point (not for any particular reason except the not liking the Apple fanboys much) but this thing is awesome. The menus in OS X are so easy to use and clean. The machine is solid, light and fast. The screen quality for text is to drool. It makes looking at text a pleasure. There is so much more. Best thing to do is take the leap and buy one. You judge if it is a good fit for you!
A long awaited upgrade,  This laptop has several features that my previous computer did not, including backlighted keys(very convenient), and a slot for a digital card. The unit is considerably faster than my four-year-old Macbook, and has a thinner screen and a hard surface covering the LED screen. I do considerable writing on my laptop, and the OS has been improved markedly. The unit is attractive and durable. 
"Great computer practically any every-day use, I purchased this Macbook about a week ago, and I have to say that I'm genuinely satisfied. I come from the high-end Windows laptop user base; my previous laptop was a Dell XPS. I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem. If you are considering switching from a Windows computer, do it. I have no regrets. OS X is simply amazing, and while there is a learning curve if you're coming from another OS, it's easy as pie to understand. Everything just works on a Mac. WIth the exception of some games- but with Boot Camp you can install Windows on any Mac. And this MacBook looks as good as it performs. Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops. This computer exceeds my expectations in almost every category.

My only issues with the laptop are as follows:
1) It looks beautiful. Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily. You're better off buying a case alongside the purchase of your mac. A keyboard cover also wouldn't hurt. A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.
2) There is no HDMI port. This is an issue for me, as I frequently connect my computer to my television. But there is a simple solution; purchase a mini-displayport to HDMI adapter.
3) The sound on this laptop is severely lacking. On my previous XPS (and other mid-range laptops) sound really wasn't an issue. But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny. My solution to this was to purchase Boom by Global Delight ([...]). Boom is a software application that adds sort of system wide equalizer to the Mac, thus affecting all outgoing sounds. It's a good fix, in my opinion. I have it set up to bass boost all the time, and the music comes out sounding decent, if not SLIGHTLY tinny (MUCH less tinny than before).

So there you have it. And if price is a concern, you're really paying for build quality. I've never seen any other laptop at this quality for much cheaper."
Long Time Mac USER,  I have used Macintosh computers since 1992. I really have no reason to change. The price differential is much less then it used to be for a similar PC, which used to be the best reason to go there. If I were to attempt to calculate how much time I have saved by not having to deal with the problems of the Windows operating system I have probably come out ahead anyways.
"My Apple is now a Lemon, This system had problems that started small: high pitched whine of the fans signaled a high CPU. Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off. The problems only got worse: reformatted the system hard drive to try and fix the system and then it lost total ability to connect to the Internet.

Thank goodness that I bought Applecare before the included warranty expired. So I brought it into the local Apple Store for repair. This was a mistake.

After 14 days, and two separate trips, and even a phone call to support in between the first and second repair, I'm still not sure that they got it right. First they replaced the logic board and the second time the memory. In the last 4 days after the second repair the system froze with a tick-tick-tick sound until forced powered off.

There was a large 4-day gap in the second repair when, after two unanswered calls to the store, the Store employee who finally answered my return call to them (which stated that they needed a call with my go-ahead) did not inform the original Apple store employee that I had authorized the go ahead, so the system sat not being repaired for 4 days until they called me again asking for the same authorization.

Now I am wondering if the hard drive is bad and caused the OS corruption and not the RAM. I bet they didn't check this.

I now believe that I cannot trust this system, nor the repair techs at the Apple Store that I took it into.

I now want a replacement system, refurbished or new, since I've lost trust in this system now and have spent countless hours restoring from my backups. If this had been a work system, I would have been down for 14+ days.

I loved my older MacBook Book Pro 15"" and it only needed a new logic board after 3+ years. This one was to be my dream replacement system and I am in no way confident that this will last 1/2 as long.

Needless to day, I am really very disappointed in Apple. Poor customer service has really wrecked this experience for me. The only reason I am giving it above a 1 star is that when it works, the system is pretty awesome: fast, beautiful screen and physically perfectly sized.

UPDATE 2/4/13: More problems surfaced since my last review. Video is now officially glitchy (white/random rectangles dancing across the screen before the screen goes black) and has joined a new problem: a 3-Beep (pause) 3-Beep (pause) repetition that occurs when coming out of sleep mode. This beep will not stop until the system is hard-powered down. Apparently, this has to do with a memory issue--like the RAM that they replaced at the Apple Store.

I now have an escalation going with an Apple Care Senior Adviser, apparently higher than your standard Apple Care tech, who promised to fix this given the myriad of problems. At this rate, they will probably replace everything within the unibody shell before they simply give me even a refurbished replacement system.

Update 2/28/13: after now weeks of remote analysis and reporting, and essentially nothing being fixed, I've now been authorized to mail in the system for repair (with promises that Apple will not let me be stuck with a non-working system). At this point, it is so unstable that I cannot even do a backup without the screen shuddering and then the system locking up completely. I'm resigned that the hard drive will need full replacement as well as the RAM, and that I will essentially need to rebuild the system (again) from the backups. I'm hearing 4-5 business days and NO promises of a new/rebuilt system at all. More when I get it back."
Real Men Use Macs, I was a long time PC user. Not a geek or a wonk. PC's were just cheaper had more software and were ubiquitous. I had an old laptop running Windows XP that I used at home for email. A couple Office products and occasionally watched TV on. With the EOL of XP. I had to decide if I was going to make a financial commitment to Windows, upgrade, buy new, change. I decided NO! Enough was enough. I was tired or hodge lodge of software products, security updates, malware, junk and endless upgrade trauma with Windows. I did upgrade my old PC to Windows 7, but I went with a MacBook Pro and I am very happy. One OS for this platform, no OEM OS paraphernalia and automatic updates. I am happy with the feel the speed and the seamless transition to the MAC! I was told by my daughter that I was "stupid" for spending so much time on a PC just to make it run, when most of that "run stuff" is taken care of by Apple!. I told her "real men" use PC's because of the challenge it keeps you sharp technically. Her final response was "whatever"! Well she was right, Whatever in the world took me so long to get a computer that just works. I'm no power user, but I have had no learning curve with the MAC and I don't do anything geeky enough forcing me to learn the OS. I did buy Office 2008 for the MAC at a very low price to migrate most of my work files for $64 and that was a steal in my opinion. Otherwise I am happily a Mac user.
Very good but too expensive, Excellent product but too pricey. I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design. He loves this product but I would not buy it for me because it is too expensive.
great computer, but false advertisement,  i love my mac, but the only thing that bothers me is the fact that Amazon advertised false statement. stating that this was the new version of the macbook pro. the latest version does not have a disc drive. besides that, this computer is great, and i am glad i made the decision to purchase this computer.
"most pleased,  My previous Mac was a PowerMac I'd had for 10 years. Needless to say, the leap from that to this has been amazing and (aside from the financial reasons) I am astounded that I hadn't made the switch sooner. This machine is fast and works effortlessly. I quickly adapted to the changes in the OS, and adore the different finger swipes to move from webpage to webpage and desktop to desktop. The screen gives a clear, crisp picture. It downloads and streams quickly. Honestly, things that took me an hour to do on my old Mac now take half or even 1/3 the time. As someone who needs to occasionally write in a Slavic language, I also appreciate the ease of instantly typing those letterforms with a few keystrokes instead of looking them up on an ""obscure glyph"" chart.

Nitpicks include a caps lock button that doesn't always react to gentle touches and the occasional glare on the glass screen (which I'm sure will not be as much of a problem once I move into an apartment that isn't illuminated exclusively by skylights).

But, I couldn't be happier."
" Initial problems but all around great machine I bought my MBP 15"" on Amazon to be able to put Windows 7 on it with Bootcamp, and if things went awry id still have their great return policy to fall back on. I wanted the familiar Windows OS with the hardware the MBP had to offer, but initially ran into a few problems. I'll post the problems and their solutions that I discovered in case anyone else runs into similar problems.

1. After installing the drivers for Windows, my webcam didn't work. It said that the drivers were not installed yet even after I downloaded the most recent driver package from Apple.
Solution: it turned out to be pretty simple. My previous laptop had software preinstalled that controlled the webcam and added effects to it, and I erroneously thought that since my MBP didnt have this program that the webcam wasn't working. After installing the drivers my webcam actually worked fine with Facebook chat.
2. The MBP got REALLY hot when running windows 7. This couldnt be good for the computer components, but also posed a fire risk.
Solution: while on windows I installed a program called MacFan (just google it) that after typing in a few commands in the command prompt allowed me to turn up the fan speed indefinitely to significantly cool off the laptop. While in windows the fans aren't correctly utilized according to CPU usage so you'll have to do this process upon each startup. Just search on YouTube ""how to install macfan"" for thorough instructions.
3. Videos on youtube while in windows do not expand fully to the screen, instead leaving black bars on the bottom and right sides.
Still haven't solved this. I'd expect adjusting the screen resolution would have an effect but I haven't tried this yet.
4. The battery life decreased from 7 hours to about 2.5 hours while on Windows.
This couldn't be solved either. It's just how windows works on the Mac. The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.

5. When I click an icon on the taskbar, its title flashes over it. (not the biggest deal but its annoying)
Updated my Nvidia drivers from their website and it solved minor graphics problems.

As for my actual review of the MacBook Pro, I am very satisfied. I run both windows 7 and mountain lion on it through bootcamp (helpful detailed instructions can be found on YouTube). That way I have the ability to run all my old games and programs on windows while having the Mac side to use for top notch picture and video editing, plus the App Store. I've always preferred the relative simplicity of Microsoft office 2007 for windows, so I use that.

After adjusting trackpad and click settings on the windows side, navigation is easy and fluid. The separated keyboard buttons took some adjusting to but that's not any issue. The screen is bright, clear, and rich while the backlit keyboard helps for typing in dark environments.

It's about 2 pounds lighter than my previous laptop and significantly thinner, and what I'd consider to be portable. Ill be using it at college next year and will report back on just how portable it is.

Graphics, processing, and RAM are all lightning fast and should be useful in intensive software that ill be using. The only problem I've noticed is that after partitioning the hard drive, startup takes a little longer (around 22 seconds total).

The power cord is portable and extendable, while its nice to still have the optical drive, Ethernet port, and card slot. Only having 2 USB ports so close in proximity is a minor issue with larger thumb drives, etc. but I may just purchase a separate hub.

All in all, you won't regret buying this. The higher cost will pay off well in a long computer life. Thanks for reading and feel free to ask any questions."
"So I took the plunge and finally upgraded my bedroom TV to a Flat Panel Samsung LED 720p 32"" (Model UN32EH4003). I bought it during the Black Friday time frame directly from Amazon for $247.99 (Free Shipping, 14-Day Price Guarantee). I went in knowing that I was buying the cheapest 32"" Samsung Flat Panel that you could buy and knew that I wasn't getting every bell and whistle, which is fine with me. My goal for this TV is to use it as a bedroom TV with a Verizon FIOS cable box and a media player (Ethernet connected, not WiFi) and watch it from about 8 feet away. No gaming, minimal DVD, etc. That's basically it.

Just for some background, I'm upgrading from an old 20"" Generic Tube TV in the bedroom. I do have an HDTV in the living room, but it is also a Tube TV. There I have a 34"" Sony widescreen Tube TV that I bought about 7 years ago that was basically the biggest widescreen Tube TV made that I know of. Back then a Tube TV picture was much better and cheaper than Flat Panel.

First Impression - This TV looks nice. Clean front. It is extremely light. The base feels sturdy and big enough to support the TV without risk of falling over. It was simple to put together with 8 screws in the base.

Setup - It has 2 HDMI's and then some regular RCA and Component hookups. My setup consists of Verizon FIOS Cable Box and a WD Live TV Media Player (to be replaced by a Boxee Box within the week, but that's another story). Plugged the Cable Box and the Media Player into each HDMI port using new Amazon Basics HDMI cables. The TV on-screen setup was easy enough to figure out without pulling out the instruction manual. Everything came up perfectly the first time with just a press of the Source button.

Picture Quality - I tested the TV out with several different types of media and sources.
1) First with SD Cable. A little blocky up close, which may just be the source, but from a normal viewing distance, I the quality was just fine. The kids' cartoons were fine.
2) Second with HD Cable. This picture seemed really nice. Didn't see any kind of distortion. Seemed nearly as good as the HD Tube TV that I have downstairs from an 8 foot viewing distance. I was happy with what I saw.
3) Third with a normal 720p Video file via the Media Player. Picture was really nice in this case also. Everything seemed crisp. Very happy.
4) Finally with a fast motion 1080p Video file via the Media Player. This is where I expected the worst, but to my surprise, the fast motion scenes seemed fine also. I only tested a couple of files, so we'll see if other scenes have a problem, but so far so good.

Overall I was very happy with the picture quality. The colors on the default setting were pretty terrible, so I tried the presets and settled ""Dynamic"" Picture Mode and Cool Color Tone in the Picture Options setting which was pretty much perfect in all instances. Looked pretty natural with nice colors.

Viewing Angles - Side viewing angles seemed really good. This was one of my pet peeves and most of my reluctance to move to a flat panel TV in the first place. Many flat panel TV's look terrible when you aren't watching it straight on. This TV seems to have much better side viewing than many of the competing TV's out there.

Screen - The screen edges do have a few very faint white areas that I have noticed, but they are barely noticeable and only when the screen is completely black. I don't notice it at all when there is any kind of picture on the screen. I probably only see it because I am looking for it after reading a few comments about backlight bleed. For me, it doesn't seem like anything to worry about. I always buy SquareTrade warranties with all my electronics, so if the screen does have a problem, I will be set.

Sound Quality - This is where I had the most trouble. Granted, I'm upgrading from a old TV, but out of the box, the Samsung sounded very hollow and words were hard to understand. It seemed to be completely missing any low end, not talking about booming bass, just lower frequencies seemed to be missing. I tried every sound preset that they had and all were pretty bad. I finally gave up on the presets and used the included 5 band Equalizer which finally did the trick. Per request, I posted a picture of the settings in the customer images section of this item. [THIS SECTION HAS BEEN UPDATED BELOW: I basically maxed out the low and high frequencies and made a bell curve of the middle frequencies, raising the one that controlled voices until I has happy. This seemed to do the trick just fine and I am now happy with the sound.] Granted, if you are expecting a booming surround sound feel, you're shopping for the wrong TV, but for what I think this TV is meant for, it sounds just fine.

Bells, Whistles and Other Stuff - I haven't toyed with this TV too much yet. There are lots of menu settings to go through. The power button on the bottom of the TV seems pretty cool. It is like a combined button/joystick that pulls up a menu when pressed that you can use the button to move through, or just turn off the TV. I won't use it much since the Cable Box remote will do most of the work, but it is a nice to have since the actual TV remote will probably sit in a drawer once everything is set up. It does have a USB port that is supposed to play pretty much any type of media format. If this works well, it is a great feature. For me, I plan on continuing to use a dedicated Media Player, so I probably won't use this much, but for anyone else, it would save you $100 on having to buy a media player if you have a use for it.

I've only had this TV for one day, but this is what I think so far for a pro/con list.

Pros:
1) Great price ($247.99 at the time I purchased it, put a camelcamelcamel price alert on it for when the price drops again).
2) Great picture quality, especially for the price.
3) Very good side viewing angles.
4) Easy setup and connection to Cable Box and Media Player.
5) Enough picture and sound settings to get the quality you want for your individual preference.
6) Fast motion scenes seem ok so far.
7) Energy Star cost of $6-$12 per year to operate. That just sounds crazy, but I'll take it.

Cons:
1) Sound presets are terrible, but can be adjusted manually.
2) Concern about possible backlight bleed, but covering myself with an inexpensive SquareTrade warranty.

In conclusion, I'm giving this TV a 5 Star Rating based on how great it is for it's low price. I've only had this TV for one day, but I love it so far. I will continue to update this review as I use the TV more and learn more about it.

=========================

ONE MONTH UPDATE (12/26/2012):
So I've had this TV for about a month now, and I still love it. I am very happy with the video performance and I have continued to refine the audio settings. The picture is great. The viewing angles are great. I haven't had a single instance of any kind of motion blur from any fast motion scenes yet. No change in the very minor backlight bleed which I still think is no big deal. Its working great with the Verizon FIOS HD DVR and the HD Media Player (now upgraded to a Boxee Box).

The one negative regarding this TV is the sound. I posted a customer image and talked about my manual Equalizer settings in my original review. Since then, I had found that those setting were still not quite right. During many scenes, the background music seemed to overpower everything and voices were becoming impossible to understand in many instances. I kept tinkering with the Equalizer and finally settled on updated settings. It seems that the 300Hz setting was the one that was controlling most of the background music, so I dropped it way down and words became much clearer. I have now been using these updated Equalizer settings for a couple of weeks now without messing with them, so that tells me that they sound pretty good to my ears. Again, for the low price of this TV, I'm not expecting the best sound, so it hasn't had any impact to my 5 Star Rating now that I have fine tuned the settings. Attached is a link to the customer image of my updated Equalizer settings in case you want to try them.

http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo3HFIDARBG6VZT/B0078LSTWU/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_link

Long story short, I still highly recommend this TV for the price. It seems to hover around the $250-$300 mark and it is a great deal at that price point.

=========================

FOUR MONTH UPDATE (03/28/2013):
Just a quick update. This TV is still performing great. It works great with our Verizon FIOS HD DVR and our Boxee Box Media Player. We love the picture. We have still never seen any motion blur. We have not messed with the sound settings in months so the sound is pretty good with the settings I mentioned above. Still no concerns about backlight bleed or any other quality issues. Overall, this TV is great. I love it. It makes me want to buy a new Samsung TV for my living room.

=========================

ELEVEN MONTH UPDATE (11/03/2013):
Just another quick update since we are coming up to the Black Friday/Christmas Sale time frame. The TV is still going strong. The picture still looks great and the sound is still good enough for a bedroom TV. I haven't seen any mechanical problems with the TV at all after using it for almost a year and I still have a 4 Year SquareTrade Warranty (only $35 at the time of this update) in case something does come up. This is still a great TV for the price. After 11 months, we are still extremely happy with our purchase. Still Highly Recommended!

=========================

TWO YEAR UPDATE (12/17/2014):
I've had this TV for a little over 2 Years now and it is still working perfectly. Absolutely zero problems. This has been a great purchase so far and I still have 3 years left on my Squretrade warranty in case I ever need it. But so far, so good. I liked it so much I bought a 46"" Samsung 7150 for the Living Room. Again, Still Highly Recommended!"
horrible, speaker blew out almost immediately,  sound quality was poor from the beginning: very soft and easily drowned out. Still, i didnt turn it to anything higher than 30 for long term use. When i turn it on now, however, theres a static sound that is getting worse. Theres nothing more annoying than a constant static noise in the back ground of your favorite TV show. I would recommend buying from someone else. i'm in the process of returning the TV now, hopefully all goes well
"Samsung customer service rates zero stars,  This tv is 7 months old, and the panel went. Completely no video image. I took it 20 miles from home to the authorized repair business, who, once they determined that the panel was defective and tried to order one, found that it was on backorder with no estimated date of availability. I've been trying for 10 days to get Samsung to replace the set. They will not without a 3-5 day wait for a ""review."" It's clear what they need to do - replace the set immediately, but they refuse.
Samsung does not have customer service. I will never again buy a Samsung product."
"bought for the master bedroom, performs great. Picture quality matches my Samsung 8000. This is not
a thin screen but I don't care. I think LED's are the best tech over LCD and plasma. This set was $299
at hhgregg and Amazon beat that price and delivered in 24 hrs. Solid buy. nice 32 inch unit,"
Dead pixels in screen. This was a reconditioned television but advertised "as new." I was very disappointed to see there were dead pixels in the screen which showed bright blue while in operation, ruining the viewing experience. On the upside, Amazon allowed a hassle-free return. My advice is to make sure you check out yours closely and don't throw away the packing material until you're sure it works.
"Pricing ALERT! Just ordered this TV for my mother-in-law on Saturday for the holidays.

On Sunday, I saw a Samsung 32"" LED HDTV for $75 less.

Here's the kicker, the one I ordered was the UN32EH4000 and the one on sale was the UN32EH4003. Looking through the specs, the only difference between the two is the base is larger on the 4000 (7.5"" instead of 5""), which is a moot point, as she is having it wall-mounted.

The retail price is the same which leads me to the loophole I learned in the price-matching retail world: They create identical products with one subtle difference to warrant a different model number. This can allow retailers to offer the same price ""on sale"" all the time. Other times, it means they cannot price match because it is not the exact same model.

I recommend checking both models to see if you are getting the best price. Especially if you don't need the base."
Poor sound options, I wanted this TV for my bedroom. Little did I know it does NOT support ANY kind kind sound out to external speakers of any kind whatsoever. This is completely unacceptable in this day and age. I'm stuck with a tinny sounding TV.
"I bought this 32"" TV yesterday at Target (on sale). Nowhere on the box does it say ""optical digital audio output"" so I took it home to see. This model does NOT have the ""optical digital audio output"". From what I've read online, the model UN32EH 4000 does have it but I think that has been discontinued; it doesn't come up on the Samsung website. The 4003 also does NOT have a headphone jack.

So what does this mean for you? If you do NOT have a cable or satellite box, you will NOT be able to hook up any external speakers. In other words, you will be stuck listening to the quite bad speakers on this TV. The speakers on this model are 5W & are unimpressive to say the least. This was a deal breaker for me, so I returned the TV last night. If you really don't care about the sound, you will probably be happy with this TV. This TV does have a very good picture for a TV in this price range. The black levels are excellent & the picture is sharp.

If you have the cable/satellite box, you will be able to hook up external speakers through that box.
Model UN32EH 4003 does NOT have optical ""digital audio output"" 
I returned this Samsung & bought the VIZIO E320-A1 32-inch instead. The picture is almost as good (not really noticeable unless you compare side-by-side) & it has all the connections I need including the digital audio output & headphone jack. To my ears, the speakers on the VIZIO are noticeably better; not audiophile good but acceptable.
FYI: To use headphones, you need to go to the setup menu & turn the TV speakers off; very simple. I own 3 other VIZIO TV's & they have all been excellent/dependable"
"Sound sucks, no sound out is a bummer, Picture is good, but the sound is not very good at all.
There is no way to get sound out to any external speakers or speaker bars so you're basically stuck with the built in speakers. Which suck."
"I was in the market for a 2nd basic TV that I could move around our house with no internet or apps on it since I just wanted it for PS3 and a DVD player and I wanted to stay away from any off brands, so I bought this one. You can't go wrong for the Amazon $248 price and with free shipping! It has awesome sound and picture and very simple to setup. I use AmazonBasics High-Speed HDMI Cable (6.5 Feet/2.0 Meters) - Supports Ethernet, 3D, and Audio Return [Newest Standard] and I have no delay with gaming. This TV also only consumes 28 watts or power which is around $6 a year to operate. This one replaced my 15 year 32 inch old tube TV.

The bottom line, if you are looking for simple TV I would recommend this one, but you want external sound, 1080p and internet app then you want to look at a higher model. What a awesome TV!!,"
"impossible to connect external speakers! Looks great. Sounds horrible - very tinny. And no Audio out or headphone jack port. It is impossible to connect external speakers! I couldn't believe it. With everyone wanting ""home theaters"" I can't believe they are making a tv that sounds lousy with no way to hook up better speakers. I figured I must be missing something, but Samsung confirmed there is no audio out capability. This is going right back!

Amazon has been great in processing the return."
"Great TV, but missing a feature from my previous (smaller) Samsung, A few years ago, my first HDTV was a Samsung 22"" LCD TV (model: LN22A450). It served me fairly well, but still felt a bit too small for its room. Since then, I've kept my eye on 32"" TVs but never found the price and quality to line up just right to replace what was still a perfectly good TV, until I came across this Samsung 32EH4003. I first noticed it in the time leading up to ""Black Friday"" sales for 2012, and then noticed that The Wirecutter had labeled it as the ""Best Small TV"". Taking advantage of some good pricing and confidence in the reviews, I decided it was time to move my 22"" TV to the bedroom and buy this as my main TV.

It's mostly great. The LED backlighting is solid across the whole set and the viewing angles are significantly improved over the 22A450. It is true 16:9, which the 22A450 was not. This was noticeable on the smaller TV when viewing channels like ESPN or CNBC where just a bit of the sidebar content would be missing. On this TV, it's all there without needing to letterbox. The built in speakers seem pretty good, better than I expected, which has turned out to be important for my setup. The input support is a little lax: it only has two HDMI ports (which is a step up from my previous TV which only had one) and one component input. A third HDMI port would be nice. The smaller TV this is replacing had more input variety (separate composite input, PC (DVI?) input) but some of those options are less needed now.

The one feature that my previous, smaller Samsung TV had that this does not, which surprised me, was support for stereo audio out. On the other TV, I just had the TV wired up to my amp (no multichannel), and it played whatever input was being used: built in tuner, blu-ray player, cable box: I could get their audio into my amp.

This TV does NOT support that feature. I don't know how common of a feature audio-out is in modern TVs, but this was something that I had and used in my previous TV that is just not in this one. I might not have bought this TV knowing that. However, the built-in speakers seem pretty good so far and I have not needed my amp (I live in a loft apartment and don't need loud TV, as I have neighbors, I just needed something a bit louder and more clear than the speakers in the smaller TV).

Overall, I'm pleased with this TV. The picture is great, the size is great for my environment, PS3 games and Blu-Rays look great on it. I really like the thin bezel/frame around the screen. The overall unit is not as thin as some LED TV's I've seen, but when looking at the TV straight on or even at some light angles, it looks very thin. I wish it had audio out, like my previous Samsung LCD TV had."
Poor Sound Quality and No External Sound Connection, Picture is great. Sound is awful. There are no external sound connectors of any kind-no way to hook-up external speakers or a sound bar.
"Very disappointed, Not as advertised: no video output as listed and no audio out jacks. Sound barely sufficient with no
Means of exterior amplification. Picture is hard to center and size options in menu are inaccessible. Not what I expected from Samsung. Would not buy again-would go with Visio. Samsung tech help was no help."
"Good value, First, I should tell you that my experience with this was very limited, since I returned the TV to Amazon. The reason I returned it was that it used more wattage than advertised. For the average person, plugged into the grid, this won't amount to much in terms of cost; however, I planned to use it off the grid and wattage is critical for off grid (solar) use. The reason I give it 4 stars is that I know most people won't care that much about the power consumption, since it is still very good for normal household power. The advertised wattage by Samsung was 28W, but my testing showed a consistent wattage closer to 40W. Again, this won't matter to most people unless you are buying it to use on an off grid system.

The good points are that I thought it had excellent picture quality and I have had good experience with Samsung products. On the negative side, two HDMI hookups would be fine for me, but some people might want 3 or more, which could be a consideration. Also, the sound was a little ""tinny"" but I didn't attempt to adjust any settings on the sound, so I would check other reviews for opinions on that. The set was very lightweight, although I prefer the thinner design of many LED sets, which this one does not have. All in all, it is a good product for someone wanting a set in this size under $300, IMHO."
Great TV!!  First off, I upgraded from an Insignia 24" LED 1080p, this TV is trip to the moon difference better from the Insignia, Can't go wrong, I have it on the wall and the sound is great, I am not using it for my entertainment system, it's a dining room addition. Colors are vibrant, blacks are what they need to be, black. Timer to set up the auto power on and off is great. Eat my breakfast and go to work with no worries. Very light as well. Hope you enjoy.
just what was needed, I bought this TV as a kitchen TV and t fits nicely on the fridge. It is clear and has a volume level that can reach over the running of mixers and other kitchen gear.The picture is nice and setup was very quick.
Great TV for gaming and streaming off of hard drive, I've played SSF4 AE and there doesn't seem to be any lag at all. DisplayLag.com reports 19ms input lag on this tv. It has a game mode on it but i don't really use it. Battlefield 3 looks phenomenal on it. Shadow of the Colossus (running off of ps2 not HD remake) looks pretty good and not pixelated like I had suspected. The TV can upscale to 1080p but I just keep my PS3 running at 720p. It has one componant, one AV, two HDMI. One of the HDMI ports is labeled HDMI/DVI oddly enough. It's actually pretty stable and not wobbly like the other reviews seem to say. It's just when you set it up you can't just push the base in all the way. It stays out a little so the bottom two screws can get in properly. I use Movie Mode on the TV and it brings a great picture. I use a Western Digital hard drive to play shows and videos off of and it seems to support most formats. However it cannot play FLAC for music. It also can't run PDF files. The sound on it is good as well unlike what the reviews here said. Very good TV to buy instead of a more expensive monitor with low lag.
Good basic TV today., I wish it had "audio out" jack so sound could be played through better speakers. The sound is good, I just wanted move volume. It's a good basic TV today.
not good at all, i only had this TV for only 5 months and the screen is turning black. you can see black shadows in the back screen. It's right in the middle and it's getting bigger. i contacted the seller and they said that they're not responsible for a defective product. They said that i am supposed to take it up with samsung. I wouldn't recommend this TV or the seller to anyone.
"""OK"" This TV has really great picture quality but I would only recommend for a small works space that doesn't require you to hook up any type of speakers for an entertainment center. Not having the ability to hookup any type of speakers is really disappointing for me but the TV definitely serves its purpose in the office.

Pros: TV picture quality is spectacular and the design is small, light, and sleek (very aesthetically pleasing).

Con: There is no audio output and the TV speakers are ""OK""."
"I read all the bad reviews before purchasing it but decided to go for … I've had this for a year now. I read all the bad reviews before purchasing it but decided to go for it since it was going for a good price at the time.
I have this in my bedroom and think it's just fine. It works like an average tv would. If you have a loud household I wouldn't recommend you getting this for your family/ living room, considering there is no audio output. I also don't believe the volume would be loud and crisp enough at maximum volume.
The design is okay, not sleek bit 'slim' enough."
New TV Beautiful picture, easy to set up and use. I would tell others to buy it> Perfect size, not too big, not too small.
Love our new tv The tv is so light and thin. It has a great picture and the colors are true. Very happy customer!
Pretty good, but lacks audio output or headphone jacks It looks pretty good and is a good value, but I wish that I had spent a little more and gotten the UN32EH5000 32-Inch 1080p, which, is not only 1080p, but has an audio output jack, which this lacks. This tv has no headphone jack or audio output jacks, which are nice to have. That is not an issue right now, but when I get a new TV for our bedroom, I will get the UN32EH5000 32-Inch 1080p. It would be good to have the option to add a sound bar or hook it up to wireless headphones. If you don't want to spend more, this is still a good value.
Broken TV, When I received the TV, the box had some signs of damage but the TV appeared fine. When I turned the TV on it had spider cracks all over the screen. Very unhappy with this purchase. Amazon customer service was able to help in the return process. Probably will not buy another TV off of Amazon.
Good value., This is a nice TV at a great price. It is ideal for the bedroom. Beware that it does not have a port for optical cable or HDMI output (only HDMI input), So, you won't be able to connect any external speakers to it. The internal speakers are adequate for a bedroom or small living room
Great TV for the Price and Size,  This was a gift for my parents who are not tech savvy at all they do not have cable but like watching the local channels. They live in a building which made it hard to get reception and this TV wasn't a problem at all the picture is nice and clear for a 720p I probably should have gone with a 1020p but this was within my budget and they are happy with it and even better I'm happy because their not bothering me anymore g-d bless for the TV! I'll let you guys know if I run into any problems down the road (so far it's 2 months and no issues what so ever)
Samsung make the BEST TV's there are. PERIOD. Even though this is an older model and only 60hz. I would put this beside most any other TV. I bought this for my Dad to replace a Vizio 120hz. No comparison. Sound wise or picture wise. This was a bargain to boot.
Great TV and great price, highly recommended I've had this TV for about a year now and it has served me well. Its not some amazing extremely expensive TV set, but for just playing some games and watching movies in my bedroom it does its job. Its price is really amazing, especially since it comes from one of the top TV companies (Samsung). This was my first HDTV and it is such an improvement over my old SDTV. One thing that worried me was that when Amazon shipped it, they just shipped the TV in its own box and didn't package in into another box with more cushioning. I'm not sure if this is standard, but the TV arrived in perfect shape nonetheless. Maybe by leaving it in its own box, the delivery drivers will know to be more careful with it since they know its a TV or something. Anyway, I highly recommend this TV if you plan to use it in a bedroom or if you can't afford larger TVs you can use this in your living room too. This is the largest TV in our house now, but my parents still prefer an old SDTV in the living room for some reason......
Bad Sound Quality Picture was nice. Sound quality was very poor. No output for speakers on unit. Returned basically immediately after purchase. Good for a small room if you don't care about sound.
great picture, I bought this TV for a bedroom/office combination and the size is perfect. The picture is very clear and the colors are sharp. Some reviewers were dissatisfied with the sound. Granted it's not as good as one with an external sound system, but I found the sound to be more than adequate for a bedroom TV. The price was excellent and the set up was easy. A good choice for a second TV.
"Very Happy with this choice of TV, I am very pleased with this TV. We have had it for 3 months and have no complaints. We mostly use it for regular TV viewing via our cable service, But we have been able to purchase a cable that allows it to hooked up to my iPad and stream movies using it. We also got a cable that allowed it to be hooked up to my husband's laptop so we could watch a foreign DVD (not playable on a US DVD player) So it has proved to be a very flexible TV and we're pleased with it.

The picture is good, it got a good rating from Consumer's Report (which was important to us). The picture is good and the size, while on the small size when compared to some enormous TVs, this TV was right for us. (we just didn't need a 50+"" TV in our family room!)

We had ordered the same TV from Walmart but it was lost in transit. When my daughter's TV was delivered in 2 days from Amazon, I found the price comparable to Walmart's, I declined Walmart's offer to resend and ordered the TV here. Even during the Christmas rush, we got it in 2 days with Amazon Prime."
This TV is the STUFF!!:) I love it for the size and picture quality. Only thing I found out was that it does NOT have Audio OUTPUT which is a bummer. But I live in a dorm, so I have no need for a quality surround sound system and it's perfect size. I can't find anything else that's bad for this TV. I saw others had a problem with the sound, and was afraid I would get a defective TV, but I didn't. Also saw that some people have this "LED Bleeding" where the edges of the TV would appear brighter than the center. I don't have that problem, and hopefully wont in the future. I'm giving it 5 stars b/c the TV is amazing quality all around, even the sound. The Audio Output isn't much of a biggie for me since I would be using Optical Digital Output on the devices I use the TV for. It's a good TV, and would say go for it!
"OK... But ...,  The picture quality of the one at the store is much better than the one we have.

We got model UN32EH4003VXZA. What does the ""VXZA"" tell me? Samsung would not give me a definitive answer.

The one on display at the store is either a 4000F or a 4003FXZA (they couldn't tell me...).

On ours, the picture looks blotchy... and the color seems washed out. The sound is fine, which surprised me based on other reviews, although I think they should provide an Audio Output jack.

You would think the specs would be on the box and in the manual (what's there is very sketchy, no refresh rate info), but they are not.

The specs are not on the website either.

I fear this is one of those ""special purchase... lets leave something out"" items.

It is amazingly light. Only 11.9 pounds! I like the thin frame... the TV looks nice, but Im not too happy with the picture quality."
No audio jacks This 32 inch tv performs decently but has one fatal flaw. There are NO, repeat NO audio output jacks. You can not add any type of audio to it. The sound is average for a set of this type. Don't buy this set if you are planning to use headphones, or a set of speakers. Many folks here assumed their would be at least an optical jack, there is nothing at all.
The plug and play feature is great.  The plug and play feature is great. No more having to call Comcast to get set up. The clarity of the picture is very good. Great value for the money
Good Buy and Good TV  I read a lot of reviews on this TV before purchasing. Some Good and some Bad. After receiving the TV I believe those that give it a bad review are expecting a Cadillac for the price of a Buick. I use over air and internet TV from a Latitude laptop. At first my over air TV picture was a little off but with a little work on the configuration of my cable from the Antenna and a rescan of channels, BOOM there it was a great HD picture. Also had some sound issues, with over air sound was having to max out the volume to hear it. Found a setting in the TV which is great, that balances the sound from all its inputs so now my air, internet, and DVD player sound setting is around 28% with plenty of volume to go. The sound quality is not theater sound but is good as any other average TV. If you want theater sound you need to come off the wallet and spend some dough. I originally had a going in on a cable splitter boxes and etc. Now the antenna on the cable, DVD by RCA plugins, laptop with a (Cable Matters USB to HDMI (Amazon)) and lovin it. The TV is not a super thin TV, around 3" thick so if you plan on a wall mount?
Very Happy! No problems with TV. Good picture and good sound. Definitely a good purchase. ....... ... ... .. . . ...!
Priced very well, This Samsung tv was a very good deal as it was priced right and the final output is as good Asia feel it can be for a 32 inch had tv. It has all the bells and whistles and the picture is crystal clear with my hd DVD. I have an audio system so I do not use the tv speakers.
"I am a big fan of Samsung equipment but this tv was a huge disappointment. As noted in several other reviews, I bought this tv on sale at Costco for $189.99, I am a big fan of Samsung equipment but this tv was a huge disappointment. As noted in several other reviews, the picture has a washed out look. I twiddled with the picture controls including the advanced controls and managed to improve the picture somewhat, but not enough. The contrast and color balance was not right even after extensive modifications of the settings. I returned it the next day.

Re: sound - I found the sound to be adequate for a bedroom tv. I did not experience the problems that some others have had. That said, unless you are spending thousands on a theater tv, do not expect great sound from ANY model/any brand and especially not in small tvs. There is simply not enough space in the cabinetry for decent speaker systems. Of course, manufacturers COULD easily and fairly inexpensively do a lot better than 5 watts per channel, that would help enormously. BUT, that cuts into profits!"
Fantastic TV for the price, excellent audio after adjusting some settings Alright, I'm going to start off this review by letting you know that I am an 18 year old boy, technically savvy, a gamer, and that this is my first flat screen that I have purchased with my own money. With that out of the way, I needed to get a flat screen for my room; so when I found this tv I thought it was too good to be true, so like anyone else, I read some reviews and I saw that a lot of people aren't satisfied with the audio quality of this tv (Yes, it is a bummer that there's no optional audio output) and that some referred to the picture quality as "Alright for 720P". But I bet that over half of these people didn't take the time to go through the tv settings, because if you did, you'd find that there is a setting named "True Surround HD" or something along those lines in the sound section.. And as for the picture quality, I find that setting the picture to dynamic, turning the sharpness all the way up, and slightly lowering the color provides a very clear/sharp picture, I cannot tell you how much better the quality and sound of this gets after you toy around with the settings, it's something you have to do on your own. As for the 720P, you can still play games at 1080P on this TV, it automatically upscales to 1080P and it looks fantastic..! This is a wonderful tv that is worth way more than what Amazon is selling it for, and I totally think it's worth the purchase..!
No Audio output. You cannot connect to speakers/home theatre,  The TV is good. But it does not have audio output option. So, you cannot connect to the home theater/speakers. I never expected this from SAMSUNG.
Love the tv. Picture is outstanding-did not support Amazon Prime when I bought it. Use Prime by attaching Roku device thru wireless network.
Failed power suppply, Own a similar model. Power supply failed after 2 years. Samsung has history of failed capacitors and power supplies. They settled huge class action suit a couple of years ago. After a few phone calls they tell me that I am SOL and have to pay a minimum $99.00 service fee. Nice.
"32 Samsung, 5 stars We recently purchased 32 and 40"" Samsung TV's.
So far, I would give the 32's five stars. It's been awhile and plays good.
After a year+, the 32's have no problem to report.

I separated the 32"" from the 40"" TV
After the warranty expired on the 40, the picture would flicker and we would lose the sound. The problem turned out to be the main PC board. Cost $77.00, not including labor.
Fortunately, the sales rep talked us into an extended warranty on that one, cost $0.00 to us, purchase the extended coverage, $99.00.
I would repurchase the 32"", maybe, the 40"" forgetaboutit

One star for the 40"" LED
It is now 9/22/14 and the 40"" Samsung is back in the shop for the second time, PLEASE PURCHASE THE EXTENDED WARRANTY IF YOU NEED TO BUY IT.
Our problems with this model, a 40"" LED started after manufacturers warranty expired.
The extended warranty came into play (Geek Squad).
I would not buy the 40"" again and, have doubts about Samsung TV's."
Good buy I am very happy with this TV. The picture is excellent and the sound is good.
"So Far So Good, Remember when Plasma TVs came out and cost $10K or more!?!

It's hard to imagine that just a few years later you can pick up a TV of this quality at less than $300.

I needed a TV for the gym, something to watch while running. It had to be light and easy to mount on the wall, and of course I wanted a good picture. It's pretty well known that most flat screen TVs are not going to be all that great for sound, given that the speakers are rear facing and small.

I took a look at the sets on display at Target, and of all of the ones in this price point, the Samsung stood out as having the most impressive image quality. Now that's not always a fair assessment, since display units are not always optimized and calibrated correctly. But at least you get some idea.

If I were buying this for a bedroom, or something other than an occasional TV, I think I'd opt to spend a bit more and get some of the smart TV options. This TV is really just a nice monitor. You are going to have to add functionality yourself through what you hook up to it. I use the Apple TV for this, and it works perfectly with that. So for my application and situation, I was very impressed with the TV.

Great image quality, realistic colors, very little adjustment out of the box. The sound is surprisingly good for this kind of design, with even an option to clarify speech. The remote was easy to navigate. For this price I think it was a great choice and a great value."
"Hi! Very Good picture, I loved my new tv 32 ""
only lacks more sound. Other than excellent, Thank recommend Amazon"
"Basic functionality but works well. I purchased this DVD to play movies on DVDs attached to a high definition SONY TV via HDMI cable. I was looking for basic functionality that works well at a good price, and this is exactly what I got in this unit.

I am attaching a collage of three photos that I will be referencing in this review.

Photo #1 shows everything that came in the package: the DVD player, instructions, 3-RCA component video coax cable, remote and batteries. NOTE: HDMI cable is NOT included.
I placed the unit next to the rulers so you can see the dimensions of the unit: 10.5 inches long x 8 inches wide x 1.5 inch high. The power cord is 58 inches long.
The top of the DVD player is flat, so I was able to stack other things on top of it. The unit has no display, other than a green light next to the power button which tells you when the unit is on.

Photo #2 shows the DVD on a digital scale. It is very light weighing in at 2 pound and 1.4 oz

Photo #3 shows the back panel and the HDMI cable (not included). HDMI (High definition Multimedia Interface) delivers audio and high def video over the same cable. When you use HDMI cable you don't need to use the RCA cables that came with the DVD. I am showing the shape of the HDMI connector in case someone will find it helpful as it needs to be purchased separately. Amazon sells them at a really good price DVI Gear HDMI Cable 2M 6 feet.

HDMI cable is not required. I prefer it. Why? DVD will do upscaling with either cable but the quality of the output is likely to be better with HDMI. Using HDMI the signal remains digital."
"great dvd playe...4 stars because.... Just got this dvd player and I must say im really impressed with the upscaling great quality. its easy enough to set up I used hdmi with this as its hdmi capable.

So far I will do this under pros and cons.

PROS

1.)Great upscaling picture quality.
2.)Easy set up
3.)Hdmi capable (less wires yay)

CONS

1.)Does not display dvd time on front of dvd player (but you can go into menus for this)
2.)The dvd tray is very flimsy. so if you watch alot of dvds im not sure the lifetime on this.
3.)This is typical but remote only links to certain tv brands (most of them) mine was not on list (Insignia)
4.) The power cord is short about 3 and half foot. (so if you have a media center you need the power outlet almost right behind it)

Would I buy this again for 44 bucks? Time will tell but at the moment Yes. Im not too concerned about the negatives of this player but if your looking for a more sturdy upgraded dvd player this is not for you. but if you want a cheap dvd player with great quality this is it."
Excellent Quality This DVD player has excellent up-scaling quality. The color quality is superior to the Philips dvp-3560/F7 it replaced. It almost looks like blu-ray quality. It plays dual layer discs without a hiccup. I used the digital out for sound and it is superior to the Philips as well. If are used to a display on your DVD player like I am there is none, but you can display the time with a touch of a button. It is a really small DVD player, but like I said in my review title "Excellent Quality". You will be very happy with this purchase.
"*** Died after 4 months ***  it's a great idea... nice and small... died after four months. i tried to save some money. i guess it was too cheaply made.

Feb 19
Sent unit to Sony so they could repair it or replace it because it failed under warranty.

March 6
Sony calls: they want me to pay $30 labor so they can send me a refurbished unit!

March 8
Sony: Please fax us your receipt.
Me: I included it in the box.
Sony: We didn't find it.
Me: faxed receipt to Sony.

March 18
Received unit from Sony. But it doesn't work. So I called Customer Service again.

Sony: Yes the unit was returned unrepaired. We did receive your faxed receipt. But we returned the unit anyway. But if you send it to us again, we'll send you a refurbished unit..."
"Broke after four months I wondered if a DVD player for $43 (the cost when I bought it in Sept 2012) was too good to be true. Turns out, it was.

I was hoping that the state of the technology had increased enough to make this common component inexpensive to produce. Well, it is cheap. And it shows.

After four months of very light use, the player stopped reading DVDs. Of course the labor warranty ran out after three months.

So I visited Sony's support site. I entered my info and was pleased to see that this unit is covered under an exchange program. Great, I thought. The company found that this model is defective and will give me a new one.

Well, they will give me a refurbished model if I pay to ship it to them and send them a check for $33 to cover the labor to repair the unit.

No thanks. I will just recycle this one and hope to find a more reliable one elsewhere."
"Great, but if you have to know a few things My $59 Phillips DVD Player died with the second capacitor failure (lasted 6 years) - so I went to look at a new DVD player. When this Sony DVD Player finally got here on Friday, I hooked it up, checked it via putting in several DVD sand found the Widescreen was stretched. Since Sony has a picture menu, I was too new to even understand what went where. So I called Sony and slowly we found our way to a software bug. If you are on a Standard TV, Especially any Sony WEGA TV, the software will allow you to reset from 16/9 to 4/3 letterbox, but the image on the TV never changes. So we reset and tried again. It looks like the software won't reflect the change or a better way to say this, the screen is frozen in the stretched format - until I chose Enhanced 16/9 and turned it on an off. Then the 4/3 letterbox applied. Most buyers will have an HD TV - so you will not walk into this problem. One more point. If you have hooked your TV to your Stereo and your Standard TV turns on, but the sound is low, turn the Speakers on or off (then off if you use your stereo), then change Audio Out from Variable to Fixed.

All of this took 2 days to figure out. Sony has an article on this audio problem, but does not reflect this above solution.

So what do I think of the DVD Player? It looks great, very small. No LED to show time/chapter or even loading. All the controls are via the remote and on the TV. Use the Time/Text button to see all time and chapters. When I buy an HD TV, then the upscale 1080p will be a real plus. And it is $10 cheap than the Phillips DVD I bought before. So I think this a great buy at the price, Just be aware that if you hook it up to a standard TV, you may need the solutions listed above."
Five Stars, Super
Five Stars, Just what i was looking for.
Works well,  A very economically priced dvd player that works very well. It hooks up to my tv through hdmi which I really like because it frees up the video ports for my wii.
Purchase experience was great. The item seems to be working as expected, Purchase experience was great. The item seems to be working as expected. Some skipping, but I think that has more to do with the quality of the disc being played.
"good value dvd player this ítem performs very good, so far worked with all my dvd's, originals and not.
very compact
cons : no clock, no leds showing on/ off/play/ etc."
Five Stars, Excellent DVD Player for the Bedroom. Small but great quality as most Sony Products are.
Was very easy to hook up and use, No issues so far. Was very easy to hook up and use.
I would recommend this small and functional dvd player Lightweight. Small. Functional. Used every day for the last two weeks; multiple dvds in and out, paused, slow and fast forward and back - no issues
Five Stars  Perfection!
Five Stars Works well, no complaints!
Reliable DVD player, Ordered this for Christmas and it plays well. Brings dvd's up to HD like movies. Great price for a dvd player
its a sony dvd player - work well - not much else too it - works well with kids movies so nuff said.
Works great, easy setup, good video quality.
Works great.
"Decent value. Easy to use. Sound quality improved by equalization. See below for measurements.  These A100's are compact and sound okay, especially if you apply equalization. See below for the equalization parameters I used.

I have a Dell monitor with its accompanying Sound Bar. I used to have relatively high-end computer speakers but at some point I started to value compactness and simplicity over sound quality, hence I got the Sound Bar with the monitor. But eventually my pendulum swung the other way and I decided I wanted better quality, but keep simplicity, and not take up a lot of desktop space.

I gave these AmazonBasics A100's a try because they're so inexpensive, I figured even if I didn't like them, I wouldn't mind having spent the very little money on them that they cost. Plus, I figured, they couldn't sound worse than the Sound Bar.

I love the fact that I can plug the USB power cable into the back of the monitor, alleviating some cable clutter behind and under my desk.

The sound quality slightly exceeds that of the Dell Sound Bar. Both have the nice feature that even when the volume is cranked up, if there is no signal, they don't produce much audible hissing noise. Plenty of cheap speakers audibly hiss when turned up, but not these.

My ASUS Xonar DGX sound card (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007TMZ1BK/) has an equalizer in the driver, so I decided to measure the frequency response of these A100's and the Dell Sound Bar, then compensate for each. Here's the compensation based on the frequency response I measured for the A100's:

Frequency in Hz , Amplification in dB:
30 , +20
60 , +20
120 , 9
250 , +3
500 , -6
1000 , +1
2000 , +4
4000 , -14
8000 , +1
16000 , +10

I applied that amount of amplification per channel using the Asus Xonar DGX Audio Center. The improvement is night-and-day better.

(If you really want to dial in the compensation better than the GUI sliders let you, you can manually edit the text in the config file directly. It's here: C:\Users\<user>\AppData\Roaming\ASUS\Xonar DGX Audio Center\cmicnfp.ini. The units are logarithmic, where 1310720 corresponds to 20 dB, and the bands 0-9 correspond to the frequencies listed above.)

I applied the same procedure to the Dell Sound Bar. The main difference is that in the 120 Hz band, the Sound Bar response was also below what I could measure. The upshot is that more of the audible frequencies in the Dell were uncalibratable, compared to the A100. So, even after equalizing both, the A100's sound better than the Dell Sound Bar.

As you can infer from the chart above, the A100's do not generate much pressure in the extreme low (<=60 Hz) and high (>= 16 kHz) frequencies. That's what you should expect. It would be extraordinarily difficult for such tiny speakers to generate a lot of bass, and without separate tweeters, I wouldn't expect the extreme high-end to sound very crisp.

Obviously this is a lot of effort to go through for $14 speakers. I did it out of curiosity more than dedication to making these speakers work for me.

The next step up I would take would be a drastic leap from these: Probably AudioEngine A2+ or Vanatoo Transparent One, which cost literally an order of magnitude more money, and take up significantly more desktop space. Not a fair comparison with the A100's. So this was a fun little exercise before diving into spending real money.

In summary, these speakers are worth what they cost, and you can get a heck of a lot more out of them if you apply equalization -- which some sound cards offer."
"Maybe 5 Stars The one thing I've found is that whether you like earphones and speakers is a matter of taste. Some like more bass; some just like ""power."" I tend to go with ""purity,"" and that is probably the most subjective of all criteria. Compared to my 3 watt Panasonics that I have been using for the past 6 months, the AmazonBasics rate 5 stars. They are substantial; the sound is - as far as I can tell - spot on with the right balance of treble and bass. And for a real change, the cables are actually long enough to reach the appropriate plugs!

Compared to my 10 watt Altec Lansings, I'd have to give the AmazonBasics 4 stars, but the Altec Lansings are twice as big with a very large footprint (or base print or whatever you call desk space).

I definitely recommend these speakers considering quality of sound, price, and yes, the cables."
"Not a bad value, but a bit bass-heavy if you're using them primarily for music. Good power for the price, excellent for watching tv shows or movies, or playing video games.

When I listen to music, I need to EQ the audio a bit because these speakers are ""boomy,"" or very heavy in the low-end. The bass overpowers the higher pitches and results in a sort of muddiness. With a little EQ, music will still sound great through these speakers.

I have another set of similar speakers from a different brand, and I use those in the bedroom where I primarily listen to music and I put these speakers in the living room where I mostly watch TV and listen to podcasts."
"Surprisingly Good!  I like the sound these speakers produce, they are conveniently powered by usb and not a power brick, they look decent and they are a bargain price. Not much to complain about. Of course they are not going to sound like a high end stereo system but that is not their purpose. They sound good enough for just about any computer use. They have an on/off knob that also adjusts the volume and they look good on my desktop. The A100 has good sound for music but are not my first choice. They are bit high on bass but aren't tinny and don't produce any distortion.

The AmazonBasics A100 speakers are a great price and really good value."
"Bad Quality Speakers Even at this Low Price, I've just purchased largely based on positive reviews of others but upon trying it myself I must insist that these are awful despite its low price.
I've bought these to replace my built-in monitor speaker but the AmazonBsics speakers were just as flat and everything sounded unclear and muddled. Although they sound louder than speakers their size they miss a lot details from any sound produced. The length of USB cable was also too long, making it somewhat impractical and inconvenient to be used with portable devices such as laptops and tablets as they were intended for.
Overall there are a lot better speakers similarly priced such as the portable Logitech speaker priced around $17 here on Amazon."
"Surprisingly good speakers for a bargain price, The most surprising thing to me is that there are still TWO wires. I thought, ""USB Powered"" would also mean that the audio signal came through the USB port and wire, but I was wrong. The USB cable is JUST for the power. The regular audio signal wire still needs to be plugged in, to get the sound. So, while I was hoping for one less wire, to fight cable clutter, I did not get that.

What I did get, though, is really good sound quality! I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the sound from these small speakers! All in all, I recommend them!"
Great speakers for the price.,  like shopping AmazonBasics products for their premium products at a non premium price policy and again I wasn't disappointed. Initially the sound that came from the speakers was tiny but I realized that my computer sound was at its minimum (I usually use it with earphones). When I cranked up the computer volume, the speakers were blasting music at such volume that it shocked me. These are surprisingly good speakers for the price and this is coming from someone who owned a speaker with a subwoofer in the past.
"Cheap set of speakers for me to A/B on, also not too shabby overall.,  I was looking for some lower end speakers to check mixes on (television commercials and shows). I've looked at mix cubes and they seem cool, but if the goal is a second, crappier set of speakers, why would I pay that much. I settled on these, because of price, because I never expected them to be great, or even good, and because I knew they would fit under my monitor setup. And you know what, it was a great decision to buy these. They actually sound decent for their price/size. So I mix on my Adam P22A's, and if I feel like something may be getting too bassy and losing translation on Joe Everyman's crappy tv speakers, I check it on these, and find my answer.

I just never understood the idea of spending a bunch of money on a 'B' set of speakers.

If you're looking at these to be your primary speaker for a computer or laptop for movies and gaming and whatever, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by how these sound. They're never gonna ""pump"" or ""drop that bass,"" but they're way better sounding than any laptop speakers I've heard."
"I could not get these speakers work on my standalone, minitower PC, but it works with my Flat screen TV., I bought these speakers hoping that they could work with my PC. Upon arrival of the package I opened and installed the speakers as instructed but I could not any sound out of them. I only heard a click sound when the power button was turned on, but that was it.
I was unable to get the speakers to work despite that I tried several USB ports on my PC that I know worked. Finally, I installed the speakers on my flat screen TV and low and behold, I was able to get sounds out of the speakers! Mind you I am a certified Computer Technician with 7 IT Certifications (3 CompTIA and 4 Microsoft Certifications) so I knew what I did with the new Hardware installation on my PC that I built and have been using for more than 6 months; I had built a previous PC a decade ago and recently replaced it with a newer model and parts I now use with the Windows 7 Operating System. I can't figure out why the speakers would not work with my PC, but yet work with my Flat screen TV?"
Small and powerful enough I gave up my Bose Companion II speakers for another workstation at my office (they were a little too "bassy" for my tastes anyways) and thought I would just go without for a computer that is only used a few hours a day. I have a laptop that I take around my office to do real work. However, I found that at my desk, it was easier to use a desktop and a real monitor and missed some music playing while I worked. However, I didn't want to spend much. These speakers are SO MUCH BETTER than I expected. Powerful enough when I sit around 2 feet away from them. Enough bass for me and vocals while listening to jazz streamed over the net are perfectly clear and without distortion. Not having another wall wart or power brick cluttering my desk is a bonus as well as these speakers pull power from an extra USB port on the computer. Audio is sent via a 3.5 mm plug. Highly recommended for a typical work desktop and will definitely improve most laptop speakers.
Pretty good! I had been borrowing speakers for quite a while now, and I figured it was time to get my own. I am on a budget, so I needed something cheap, and looking at the other reviews where people praised these speakers for their surprisingly good quality, I chose these. They are of surprisingly good quality. They aren't tinny either. They sound like how they should. One issue I had with the previous speakers I used was that they had almost no treble making it hard to distinguish some things and made watching YouTube videos difficult to understand. These speakers, however, are very clear and seem very balanced. (I have a subwoofer for bass separately) I would definitely recommend these!
Met My Expectations!!,  I needed a basic computer speaker--nothing fancy since I am not a gamer or listen to music over any devices. I do however stream programs through Netflix and Hulu and during the summer when the a/c is on, I can hardly hear the sound from my computer. My old Dell speaker was on it's last leg. What I like about these speakers is that they serve my purpose. The wires are long enough to reach my side table, and it doesn't need an electrical power source. Just plug it into your computer and it's ready. Now I can watch my programs and not miss a single sentence. And they are small and lightweight so they can easily be stored when I no longer need them.
Great little speakers We bought these very inexpensive speakers to go with our View Sonic projector and Camp Chef Outdoor Entertainment Gear screen. I wanted USB powered speakers, but being new to outdoor projection, I figured I would go with these and see what I really wanted. Obviously, little guys like this will not deliver booming bass, and if you are used to surround you will miss it. However, these speakers do a decent job. Sound is sharp, and even at high volume they have very little distortion. If you are only doing outdoor projection once in a while, these do just fine. And how do you beat the price?
Great for your average everyday user.,  I'm not a huge audiophile, so I won't really go into comparing these speakers against other brands (nor am I really able to). I got these speakers to replace the tinny built-in speakers in my laptop and they are a huge step up. Good balance, deep enough bass, and they can get pretty loud before the sound starts distorting too much. For $13 they are a steal, and make playing games, watching movies or listening to music much more enjoyable. If you don't have any good speakers and you just want to make an upgrade for your basic everyday personal use these are a great buy. 
Nice!, Sound is good, however it gets distorted a bit when the volume is higher than ~80% 
"Pretty Impressed! Replaced my micro HP speakers with these, (the HP's have been allocated to my road warrior HP 14 4G). I thought my HP speakers were pretty good, but these are much more powerful, very pleased with them! Although they are a tad bigger than I'd like, (they don't fit under my Asus 23' IPS monitor screen like the HP's did), that is OK though, for the sound difference, they definitely worth having them, especially considering the price/value factor! Highly recommend them!

-A"
Pleasantly Surprised,  We bought these speakers for classroom use, in classrooms that are small (15X18 +/- for 5-15 students) and they are perfect. I was hesitant buying the Amazon brand for the first time, and I was pleasantly surprised. The sound quality is very good and they are loud enough to cover the entire room with no problem. They are small in size and have USB power, which is great in a school with limited outlets and limited storage. We have some other speakers which we love that retail for $50.00, and these speakers are just as good. Highly recommended.
Well Built and Powerful,  It is nice on campouts to have a "back up" system in case of rain which consists of movies for the kids and that is where speakers like this come in. I'm impressed with these speakers and considering the cost how can you go wrong? They are solidly built and provide WAY more punch than the speakers built into a laptop. Granted, they don't have great bass but given the small size that is to be expected and for me does not lower their rating. The frustration free packaging is another plus. Overall, recommended.
For the price what's not to like! We had recently bought a new TV for our bedroom the sound quality was horrible. I had read about using a cheap pair of usb powered speakers to improve the sound. I found these from a quick search on Amazon. Plugged them into the new TV, much better sound quality compared to the speakers in TV! Obviously the sound quality isn't amazing, certainly not high end quality like Bose or JBL. They are a little boomy but nothing crazy, for someone on a budget I'd recommend them.
"Exceed expectations, For the price, these speakers are exactly what I needed to listen to music in my office. They obviously won't fill a room with sound, but the sound quality is surprisingly good for small USB powered speakers.

Pros:
Surprisingly good sound quality for their size.
USB powered, avoids having another power cord to mess with and they turn off when your computer does.
Plenty of cord length.

Cons:
Will not allow one to drop da bass in an office. *sarcasm*"
 The Holy Grail of Speakers, OMG AMAZON! Dear Amazon, How is it that you make such high quality products that are so inexpensive and innovative? I vow to buy an AmazonBasic product before I ever look at any other brand. Very good sound quality. Bass/treble ratio ON POINT. These speakers speak for themselves. This is not a fake review or a secret shopper, I am just a very happy customer who has had a glass of wine.....or two. I want to give thanks to Amazon for being good natured with their business by selling such great products that are so inexpensive. I almost want to buy 2 more pairs of these. 
"Simple, Easy, Great Sound, Great at the Price, These are great speakers at the price. They plug into a 3.5 mm (earphone) jack for sound, and a USB port for power. I have them plugged into my daughter's laptop, and they sound great. You don't get the roomshaking bass that a good subwoofer will provide, and they're not wireless, but at the price, I think think they do everything you can expect, and do it well.

If you want basic sound at a good price, I think you will like these a lot."
We bought these for our teenage son for the holidays. We thought he would use these with his PC but he has opted to use them with his ipod. He somehow rigged them to his bedposts so he has what he calls 'surround sound'. We chose these based on positive reviews and price. My son says they are "awesome" and that's all we need to hear to know these are great speakers. Glad we chose these over much more expensive models. Highly recommend.
Great for movies! Purchased these speakers so me and my girlfriend can watch movies online without straining to hear dialogue. Perfect for that, and even for listening to music from your laptop. It can get static feedback-y if you're listening to music too loud, but that's for any speaker. Great product for the price you pay and honestly wasn't expecting to use it so often! Purchase it if you're straining to hear movies from your laptop speakers!
wow-did not expect this from those,  I was surprised at the sound quality coming from these little speakers. my niece plays video games on the computer and I stream movies and listen to music on my computer. and the sound coming from these little speakers had me very surprised indeed. they are loud (but you can control the volume), have a great quality to them (I do love my music)-I just love them and they don't hardly take up any space either! thank you Amazon!
and glad I only spent $14 on these,  These speakers seem to be picking up radio broadcasts while powered on. I don't understand how. I hear music, commercials, a DJ, but my computer doesn't have anything running that would stream sound. I am mystified, and glad I only spent $14 on these. They stream my PC sound but there is always the radio noise underneath it, which makes them unusable to me. If I am doing something wrong, I would sure appreciate any advice.
f you are looking for a set of speakers with a little extra bass but with no added volume than a laptop speaker, then this is for you. But, if you need something that requires more volume than your laptop speakers, this is NOT for you. I will be returning these as I need a speaker that has to be louder than my laptop speakers. What is the purpose of having the same volume in an external pair od speakers?
Excellent price, Excellent Sound Quality,  Like other reviewers, I was really impressed with the quality of the sound given the size/price of these speakers. The bass is very solid and rivals that of the rather pricey speakers I had before this. I also like their compact size, making them very easy to fit on a cluttered computer desk--and to move around when used for laptops and other smaller devices. Definitely an excellent product for the value!
I LOVE THESE SPEAKERS!!!!!, these speakers are Wonderful!!! Great sound quality and they are loud but only if u want them to be. they are heavy with a level base, a green light tells you when they are on. the volume nob has resistence to it which i like; it dont feel flimsy or loose. five stars in my book. a must have for anyone wanting more sound without all the flash and bling
Excellent speakers in this price range for a smartphone or tablet,
A great reason to get rid of your old PC speakers!,
Comments
Like
Love it
Be very careful when ordering online from this company.. They overcharged me and refuse to give me back my money. I now have to go through my credit card company to get my money back.. BEWARE
We luv ur page!
 love it!!
nice clothes
Nice
wow...i liked
Love it
Nice nice nice
Nice!!!
amazing!
 I Like. A/X
 I like it
I love Armani Exchange
awsome lv it
I love ur brand so much!! 
yup-yuppahz, A*X IS ''THE BEST and WORLD-STANDARD FOR GUYS and WOMEN!!!!!!!!!!''
 love it
 The best
 I love A|X
A\X LOVE YOUU
Armani is the best
i love A|X ..... i need it
Awful place. No customer Exchange Policy. This is crazy. You need to speak to Danille the manager from where did she learn her CRM techniques. I am sorry she is Just an uneducated person. She just took my husband like a piece of dust and put him out of the store. In addition to this her body language and the facial expressions were unacceptable. She was running all over the place asking people to throw my husband out of the store. You really need to look in to this matter. What my husband requested was to exchange the T-shirt that was purchased on Saturday, the 27th, evening. We could not go there as Park Meadows outlets are closed on Sunday. She was awful. The behavior and the language she used is awful. The exchange policy mentioned on the site is not at all adhered.
I like Armani Exchange, but I will only buy in store (if ever again). They offer free returns, but sending something from NY to NJ should not take over 2 weeks than it’s going to take another week for it to be processed. Now add the wait for your bank to post funds, you are looking at a very inefficient way to handle people’s monies. When you call customer service, they simply read from a script, which simply adds insult to injury.
I just bought this dress at +Armani Exchange and I love it.?
"I was able to get clothes from Armani Exchange on discount from the site. I was happy with the discount and the shopping experience. Everything arrived nicely packed, just want you'd expect from a top-notch designer."
"The worst online return experience ever! What a scam! The website claims free and easy returns, even to the store. This is completely not the case if using Google checkout. I wasted my time by going to the store only to find out that they don't take Google Checkout items back. They would not provide a shipping label on time if you loose the original label that came in the package, so now I have to pay for my own return shipping. Hopefully I can get my money back in the next couple of months as stated on their website: "Additionally, please allow 1 to 2 billing cycles for the refund to appear on your credit card statement from the time your refund is processed at A|X." This is just ridiculous in this day and age! Go to the store and save yourself the headache.
This is my second pima crew tee.. I just love these tee's.. very comfortable and high quality.. will buy more again and again!!!!
I hate "branded" clothing where you end up a walking billboard for somebody's name or logo and so I'm always looking out for good quality T-shirts in interesting colours. These are some of the best I've had. The pima cotton makes them very soft. They are also quite elastic. Of course, this will eventually lead to some stretching around the head-hole, but you can't have everything. The fit is hugging without feeling or looking particularly tight and the sleeves have enough length not to make the T-shirt look like underwear. There does seem to be a little manufacturing variability. I ordered two in the same colour on different occasions and they are slightly different in colour and fit, not that I'm especially troubled by it. Availability in all colours and sizes also seems to be a bit patchy.
I like this shirt. It is lite weight, soft, had a good cut and fit, and seems of good quality.
excellent
Good
nice
Nice
Bad service at this location. Store manager or key holder that night was multitasking and helped everyone  and kept me waiting for 20 mins for an exchange, ridiculous
This store is one of the worst AX store I've been. I like their stuff and clothes, but the attitude and the feeling of this store's sales rep and manager just totally kills it. This experience totally ruined the brand and that store. Most of the sales ppl in there sounded like they were doing stuff they never wanted to be there.
You know something, If the staff would get the sicks out of their asses, and dropped the attitude, this place may be worth my time and money. They act like they work at Emporio Armani or Giorgio Armani. To me, this isn't even real Armani. It's like Giorgio Armani's red-headed bastard stepchild. Like comparing Old Navy to Banana Republic.
Service was not good at all
Armani Exchange has a really great selection of clothes, however the one at Valley Fair is: a) always a mess b) never has your size c) provides no actual customer service. It's basically a free for all with people who are too old to be shopping there....I won't get too into that. The one at Stanford and SF is much much better. If you are like me, size 0, xs, etc, you aren't really going to find anything you want in your size, unless you're willing to shell out retail...in which case you'll probably find what you were looking for.
Find a shirt I like in the sale section. This "manager" Chris, refuses to honor the 30% off sale price of said shirt. I then point out that there's a whole pile of the identical shirt there and he tells me he can't honor it. I was a retail manager for years and could not believe this. It's a standard industry practice to honor store mistakes like mislabeling or putting things in the wrong section. I guess Nordstrom taught me to be a better Manager. Learn to service your customers Chris.
Friendly helpful staff, but I found the clothes to be a little trashier... Maybe this is just the progression of AX over the years... For example all the scarves had Armani Exchange emblazoned on them... A little too bold for AX.
Best scull caps sold at AX. NEVER FAILS. Love it!
I love this shop, despite the unorganized chaos~I found myself straightening the clothes that fell off the hangers returning them to their proper locations. 
Awesome service, wide selection
I was happy to shop at this Armani. They had a larger selection of sale items than the store at valley fair. The customer service was not as good as other locations, but still very good. I found two shirts for a steal and didn't have to wait long to pay
Nice!  Because I had also purchased a cardigan here and the back flap was coming off.
I love AX but not this particular location . They have a limited selection of clothes here and their selection isn't that great . Their selection of clothes in the sales section isn't as great as other stores either . I can find cute pieces of clothing in the sales section at other AX stores but I can never find any cute pieces of clothing in the sales section at this store .
I luv AE clothes.  Other than Hugo Boss, Z Zegna, Theory and Armani AE is one of my favorite labels.  They make trendy clothes in a slim cut. AE makes great  clothes and is  very reasonably priced compared to other labels.
"I'm an A|X whore but I know what I like and what I don't like Likes:  COATS.

The music is loud. Service is okay, generally a so so. Sometimes it's good - like you'll get someone who actually wants to help you and sometimes you'll get someone who is cranky and thinking ""Geezus, does this bitch REALLY need another size?!""  Sometimes there are hot male employees but they're gay anyway. Oh well, it's always fun to look.

Stay away from obnoxious logo apparel that screams ""HEY LOOK! I'M WEARING ARMANI EXCHANGE! I CAN AFFORD IT!"" here unless you want to come off as a trendy motherfucker who shops at A|X  like those that buy their ugly logo shirts and pair it with cheap leather jackets. Uh huh, I know you're sitting there in front of your screen laughing and nodding your heads. I know you know know what i'm talking about. You've seen it before and you've thought ""Oh God, that is so absurd and fugly!"""
"DON'T COME HERE TO SHOP!!!! HERE'S WHY  
I went to the store to purchase a white motto jacket. The store was out of it but told perhaps it's available online. I went online and saw the jacket was available. I placed the order on the 29th of March and told it will be shipped in 24 hours. WHAT A LIE!!!! Waited 10 business days and nothing came. I called customer service and was told the package has been picked but didn't know why it didn't get ship. Then I was told about a new system being put in place and there were a lot of back orders. Blah blah blah. I was told someone will get back to me in a couple of days to update me on my order. NEVER HAPPENED!!! Called again and was given the same story. I got so tired of it after 25 business days that I told customer service to cancel my order. CS told me it can't cancel my order and that it has to go through corporate. BS. Finally, I called today and CS told me the jacket isn't available anymore. I was on the verge of cussing them off. I held back. As you can see, this place is a sham. NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER go to this place to shop, online or in store. This is by far the worse experience I've ever come across online.         "
Yes, it is pricey but the quality of the clothes is great. I give it two stars because the staff are young people who are not serious, they are just joking, playing and dancing with loud music. It is really annoying because they don't pay attention to what they are doing and they give you the clothes with the clothing alarm label... so you have to return to the store so they can take it off. So be careful when buying there! I recommend to you to check your clothes once you buy them.
Excellent
Champagne and beautiful silk..... You can stay here all day and play dress up- get a brunch buzz going and leave the place with a happy face. LOVE this location!
A few years ago, I purchased a handbag from this location. I barely use it and it now has a tear in the exterior strap. I called and was notified to come into the boutique I purchased; today I did. I was directed to the manager who was rather curt and short. When I asked him what they do in such cases, he waved me to a handbag repair shop close by and walked away. Actual hand wave to general vicinity. Twenty second interaction. Period. To top it off the repair shop was closed. A few years back, I purchased several thousand dollars of merchandise here. Now, I don't expect them to fix it, however, I do expect better service. Waaaay better service. For shame Dolce..
"To these 2 star reviewers. 
How can you review something negative just because you can't afford it? I'm not walking into a Ferrari dealership and say ""gosh, $350k for a car"" and then hit up Yelp with a 2 star review. 
Your wallet can't take it, please go review target. Thank you. 
ps: the stores rocks and the sales people are among the friendliest and best i've encountered. Period."
"I purchased two little black dresses from here. HELLO.  I've bought cars for less!!  
But it's Soooooooooooo worth it.  When you wear designer, men notice and the few carpet events that i wore these dresses to, always got noticed by producers who have WIVES.  It's the wives of those producers who have instilled the designer into the brain of the producers, so of course they know D&G when they see it.  They also noticed my jimmy Choo's. 
Priceless."
D&G is more on the young, contemporary professional side, and you'll look outstanding because it fits well and trim.  I picked up a charcoal grey suit, and it ranks with other clothing I have that have garnished a lot of compliments.
Dolce has some great fun clothes, particularly for parties and evening events. Cool store and great window displays.
D&G doesn't make much in the way for men's bags
Love the big, bold stripes!?
sicily love!!!
Vernice Lim nice ah this one?
Not bad eh! You want?
 Wow awesome!!!!!!!!
 Ahh so pretty
wooowww......
Nice?
Fantastic! 
Wow, that's fabulous! Way to go, lady ?
awesome ?
Congratulations! I've looked at some of your other photos and they're amazing! Coach happens to be one of my favorite handbag brands.?
Coach products are made in China. Prada never compromise on quality for their own products. A difference!?
Wow!!!?
so so nice?
Beautiful.
Solid. Very nice.?
Wife loves this bag, hope I win it for her?
I Absolutely LOVE this Coach Leather Turnlock Tote Handbag!!!! I WANT TO OWN IT SO VERY BAD!!! It's a Terrific Giveaway! Thanks, Michele?
LOVE this!?
I absolutely Love this Giveaway! I want to win it so very Bad! I want a Coach Handbag so bad! Thanks, Michele :)?
Love this Bag!!
beautiful?
i like the bag on terri hatcher.
Yeah it looks like it..I saw a horrible fake one at my local thrift store. Yuck!
wow! I had no idea so many celebs carried coach!!!
^^^that is such a nice looking bag.
So I found that dress that I've been dying for. It's $600 with BO, but the more I look at my cc statements, the less it looks like I can afford it!  Do you think it's worth putting in a best offer of $450? I don't want to offend the seller, but I also can't go any higher than that. :(
^^^ totally fierce. luv it!
lolo, Your so pretty! I love all the dresses on you, the lilac one is my fav! The black with the silver sequince is hawt!
Gorgeous! I love the red and the bow dress. But, they all look gorgeous! And, you are welcome!
ove the lilac dress ('cause that's the one I got! ha ha :D) and the bow dress on you!
yay, we are dress twins! hahaha I love all of them as well, good for me and def. bad for my wallet!
thanksss : ) their dresses are just tooo amazing! haha
WOW I just stepped away from HL rehab.. and look what we got here! I love dresses you gals are posting up! It's a great sale & glad everyone got a chance to get everything they wanted. Great finds ladies! Can't wait to see some more modeling pictures =)
I finally caught up! vhdos, I personally love how it looks on you but can see your concern. If it can't be altered, would it be possible to wear a triangle bra and use a low back attachment with the bra and add fashion tape to avoid side boob?
lolo, love the dresses on you, especially the second one! I got the red dress as well but it's going to take a long while to reach me. Hopefully it'll look as nice on me as it does on you!
lolo: You make all those dresses look great. Congratulations on your haul. How can you dress down a HL dress? In my mind they are only for special events as they highlight all your curves. You think it's possible to wear them as everyday dresses? If so, can you post some ideas. This could help me maximize the cost-wear ratio.
Lovely dresses lolobaby:) I love the bow dress. I almost got that one myself. The lilac is gorgeous on you too.
"Lolo, you look so hawt! Congratulations on your amazing steals! 
Congratulations, Nani! I love that dress, it's so cute :3 
Darn it, I'm not supposed to be looking at more HL! *eyes boxes she has at home"
"Love this iron, it is very cool looking. There alot of feature on this iron which make it even better. There one problem, it heavy but over all it great. LOve it

Update
Been using this iron for a while now and i still love it, It fast, get a lot of wrinkle out and produce a lot of steam. One problem though it make clicking noise but the maker says it find so i don't pay too much attention Over all Super Great"
"I bought this to replace my 7 year old Panasonic Iron. I originally wanted a Rowenta, but after 4 stores, I couldn't get over how flimsy they felt, and the price. Came on Amazon and started looking for a trusted Panasonic. I chose this iron over the other Panasonics for various reasons. I did not buy this off the claims it cuts ironing time down by 25% and is multidirectional. I will say it does seem to cut ironing time down based off the wattage and the slighly larger soleplate. Larger soleplate=more coverage, plain and simple. As for the multidirectional, I always ironed side to side and in circular motions with no problems. I bought this iron because:

**The size: It is a bit bigger than the other Panasonic irons based off product descriptions. The soleplate runs the entire length of the iron, minus an inch at the bottom.
**Wattage: 1500 watts compared to the other Panasonics that were 1200.
**The Soleplate: It is football shaped an curved. I feel like this works to my advantage as I press quilt blocks open (not tiny).
**Slightly larger water tank: I quilt a lot and use the steam feature often. I hate having to refill my iron frequently.
**Drawback: No cord reel. I loved this about my old Panasonic iron, but for being the only description con, I could live with it.
**Vertical Steam option. I have a Kimono on my wall, and the kids sometimes touch it, so it does have a couple wrinkles
**Price: $40. Very Reasonable. There is another Panasonic Iron NIW450TS which is white for about $35. According to Panasonic website, it has the same exact features.

After using the item:

*Curved Soleplate: It's a love/dislike. It moves so smoothly. I don't remember my old iron moving this easily. Since I quilt, it does have a disadvantage with pressing open small blocks. I need the nose of the soleplate to be a bit lower, as it will miss small blocks, but moving the iron to the side and pressing it over from the center seems to work.
*Football shaped: a little extra soleplate.
*The cord is a lot longer than my old Panasonic iron. I do find myself tripping over it. The cord is on top of the iron, and also moves freely, so it is never in the way of my ironing. With the cord reel, it was always at the bottom base.
*Temperature dial: This is a like/dislike. I like how I can see the settings without looking under the base of the iron. However, it is a bit difficult to move. Only the other part of the dial moves, which is a thin piece with an arrow on it. My old panasonic the entire dial moved and I set to the light (aka arrow)
*Steam adjustment. I love the switch on the top. I know exactly what setting it is on with a glance. My old Panasonice had a push button with 3 height adjustments. I could never distinguish the 1st and 2nd settings, and the 2nd and 3rd settings.
*Steam vents: 74 of them. A lot more than most irons I had looked at in this price range, even a $70 Rowenta I was looking at
*Quiet. It doesn't gurgle like every other iron I used.

Overall, it is user friendly and would recommend it."
I love this Iron. Have waited several months before writing this review. Yes, this Iron will spit at you but it is because you have added too much water (above line), but have had no problems with leaking and will definitely gets hot enough and the steam well you can see it coming out on the fabric. I love this iron. My instincts told me to stay with Panasonic and I am glad I did.
Working well
Worked great when we first bought it. We used it everyday. After 5 months it just stopped working. In order to get it fixed under warranty, I have to ship it to Texas from California. Not worth it. Will not buy again.
love it. the best iron out there
Works fantastic. Cant complain. Would order again.
Love this iron so much! has a good amount of steam come out and leaves no residues on clothing. Creases pants like a dream! I don't even need starch.
2 years in. Still working as good as the day I bough it.
WOW! This iron is fun. It heats quickly, the sole plate is smooth and the multi-direction makes ironing difficult areas easy...meaning, I have a sole plate with a point on each end.
Great product
Cool design, lightweight, heats up fast and produces good steam fast. Doesn't leak. I like the design being pointed at both ends and the cord stays out of the way. My wife's not so fond of the design but I think she's getting used to it since she likes all the other good things it does with fast heat and steam.
"Replaced a NI-W810CS ceramic soleplate iron, with this otherwise identical iron. The color and titanium soleplate is the only difference.

My wife loved the NI-W810CS until it fell off the dryer and broke the tip off the ceramic soleplate. She said the titanium feels better."
I read lots of reviews before I ordered this iron. I don't agree with some of reviews about comparing with another German iron that its new design was not as good as its competitor. I am a professional tailor and very picky with choosing related tools for my work. I found its design just perfect and functional and fits what we need and expected. Most of irons I bought before could not press washed cotton product or fabric efficiently and effectively, but this one is an exception. Its price and quality are just good enough. I recommend it to everyone.
Super nice
Wonderful!!! Makes a dreaded job so much easier.
Lasted about a year. Both plastic ends broke off at the legs. Power cord broke or damaged where it connects to the iron. Not happy with Panasonic. Will avoid their products in the future.
A fine product.
This iron was not worth the money AT ALL. I purchased the iron about a month ago and already it does live up to its name or functionality. The first few days, it steamed like a dream come true. I never left water in it because i was already afraid of leaking or rust. Within Two weeks of using the iron it left stain marks via rust on my white shirts and i was very upset, because i had such high hopes for this iron. It definitely does not use its self-cleaning feature. I would not recommend this iron to anyone looking for a reliable one. Also my warranty is up so its back to the drawing board with a new search.
Great iron for a great price:) It's easy to operate. Works great :)
This is a great iron for the money.......It performs like a professional grade type and delivers the steam and heat just where you need it......It is easy to use and does pretty much what the manufacturer claims........
I tried it's great compare to another Iron that I had before this one I would recommend to everyone to try this products.
Iron works well, heats quickly. Only nitpick is that I wish the "steam blast" (not sure what the correct term would be) had a bit more kick. All in all, very pleased with this purchase.
The concept of this iron is very appealing, but the quality is far below of the expectation. The iron start leaking from the bottom just after few weeks of use. Definitely not worth spending 40 bucks on it.
Really nice design, easy to handle and use, does exactly what and iron should do and that is iron perfectly.
I love this iron, It moves so smoothly. I love the switch on the top. I know exactly what setting it is on with a glance.
I used this iron today and LOVE it - it actually takes out the wrinkles in cotton - something many of the other irons don't do well. Then I ironed a dress that was mostly polyester and some spandex and it was great with that - I like that it is heavier than some irons but not too heavy - also the fact that you can iron in any direction makes it go much faster!
I have only used this a couple times but so far I love it. Love the multi directional way that it irons.
Been a while. And still working great. That's the big point. So many consumer goods deliver short service because of short cuts that add up to unreliability.
I bought this for my husband since he does almost all the ironing in the house. He really loves it's design and ease of use. It came very fast and in great condition.
the iron is a light weight but powerful iron for family use, I definitely will recommend to my friends for replacement.
"the iron performs well, not leaking, good amount of steam, glides well over clothes, BUT it's not durable enough.

this is the second Panasonic I bought. the first was dropped and broke one of the outside legs. thought I'd try again and try not to drop it. so far on this new one a crack has developed on the leg and on of the ends of the legs, the brown ""foot piece"" cracked off."
I called this my Star Trek Steam Iron. It had a long life and it could iron forwards as well as backwards. I would love to buy another one. Very simple to use and presses clothing very well. It goes into the little corners very nicely.
This iron is a far better bang for the buck than a Rowenta, and it was a great replacement for our Black & Decker. The iron is solid and far less prone to tipping than the B & D. The double-pointed plate really IS a time saver in that you can get in corners without having to turn the iron around. The cord also swivels, preventing the cord from getting in the way or otherwise inhibiting your ironing. This iron also heats up very quickly, true to the advertising. We love it and hope it lasts a good long while.
"Nice, easy to use, gets hot to required temp sooner than other brands. many different heating degrees for different kind of fabric.

First I thought according to the add that the main heating part will rotate on top of the ironing, what I found that the ironing part is tapering from the front and back so you still have to be careful going back and forth while ironing which is not much better than
the older model."
The Panasonic NI-W750TS is smooth, fast, very well balanced, and steams like a champ. I am not sure I am taking full advantage of the unique sole plate design (pointed on both ends,) but I am sure that the sturdy, well thought out heel rest is the best I have ever seen. The Panasonic heats up quickly, is easy to fill with distilled water, and steams so well that spray starch is seldom needed. A great product.
This is A fantastic iron. As good or better than Rowenta which I've also owned. I highly recommend this product.
"I bought this iron after mine of two years quit working about the tenth time it was knocked off the ironing board. (2 boys ages 2 and 3..enough said)
I bought it because I thought the multi directional design would make ironing faster. It did not. Not at all.
I hated this iron because the steam comes out in all the wrong places. I burnt my fingers a lot! You can't let your other hand get anywhere near the iron bc of the steam. Which makes it hard to hold down a collar or curled up hem and such.
It really did a lousy job of ironing. When I'd finish, I'd hold the shirt up and it would still look wrinkled! Honestly I'm not picky and it was okay enough for me, but I know if my mother would've seen me wearing it she would've said ""Aren't you going to iron that?"" haha Amazon makes returns easy though so this was not a big deal. I returned it and ordered the same iron I'd had before. Which was always a good iron. It puts out lots of steam and it never BURNS me from it!! It's a heavy iron and the price is right. It's a black and decker D6000 all temp steam iron with stainless steel soleplate. I highly recommend that one! But NOT this multi directional one!!"
out of all the irons i have owned this one gets my seal of approval.... ironing never got better, light weight,yet heavy enough for the hardest wrinkels,,no more need for having to acturally push down to eliminate wrinkels,,, cant say enough about this panasonic charm...
Best iron that I have ever bought or used! Seamless ironing with the way the iron glides over any fabric that I have used! I am not a fan of ironing bout this iron makes it worth it. Not as expensive as other brands but true quality and reliability to get the job done right with this iron. Most definitely would recommend this iron!!!
So far, I am liking this iron. It doesn't leak, produces a lot of steam, and i like the two-sided use.
Purchased this iron to replace my original one that finally wore out. This iron is fantastic. I used my iron 6 days a week for at least 1 hour a day for 4 years, yes that is alot of ironing. Also, I did drop it twice onto a hardwood floor from the ironing board with no problems. This iron has stood true from jeans to delicate fabrics, no scorching or puckering. My new iron is every bit as good as the original, seems to heat up faster, but that's probably because the old one was starting to go. This is the iron to have with the multidirection plate, whoever thought that it would make ironing that much easier, As long as they make this iron, I will continue to buy I really can't see how they could improve on the design or the quality. Never thought an iron as much but with this one I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this iron. It will not disappoint you!
"This iron really rocks! After unpacking it, I got a pile of clothes needing ironing and got started. The major design innovation is the larger sole with tapered points at both ends. This allows either direction ironing with no snag on the backstroke. There is NO turning the iron and coming back in the other direction as the dual pointed base eliminates this need.

You can iron around the buttons of a shirt in both directions at once and it is amazing how much faster you can process your clothes. I bought the titanium base which is ultra-smooth and provides a surprisingly easy glide across any fabric. These two features alone produce the accurately described faster ironing time. Another time saver is the larger than usual water capacity which saves on refilling while working.

Not all fabrics require the same amount of steam, so this iron's adjustable steam delivery system fits the bill. I also like the vertical steam feature for freshening up my hanging clothes, as well as the very powerful BURST of steam feature for pressing hard to press pants etc. This also features side by side spray and steam buttons which are easily controlled and within reach of any thumb. With a variety of people in my household there are various hand sizes and the Panasonic appears to be comfortable, light in weight and easy to use for all sizes.

I also really appreciate the lesser touted feature of the ANTI-CALCIUM System. I hated buying and storing distilled water or decalcifying my old iron. What a pleasure to not sweat calcium build-up! The spray is easy to use with little pressure on the button and the spray is fine and even, unlike some irons that produce a ""rain"" rather than a spray.

The photos don't quite show the other leg it stands on but it is very sturdy and secure when upright. It is lighter than it looks and has great styling like a fine car. My only ""con"" is that I am used to a retractable cord which this does not have. However, winding the cord for storage is a small trade-off for all the time saved ironing!

All in all, this is a great iron with a more-than-reasonable price and some wonderful design features. Don't just sit there, buy it now! You'll be very glad you did!!"
My wife and love this iron. It does not leak like so many other irons we've had and it stays hot with lots of steam.
this is good a product will suggest to anyone for future reference.Keep up the good work, It pays off in the long run.
"my wife loves it. says its 100 times better than her old cast iron, iron she used to have to heat up on the coal stove in the kitchen... I swear, that woman always wants to take the easy way out of her chores. A steel iron you heat up on the stove was good enough for my granny, her granny and her granny, it should be good enough for my wife!

lol... Seriously, her old Iron leaked water, didnt steam well and took forever to heat up. she loves this one and thinks it even looks cool!"
Works perfectly. I give 5 stars. More than half-year, i have been using it and never crash!! Thanks and good product!
Buying this iron was a big mistake,not reallising when i orded it it would not be compatable for use in the UK.The cost of returning it out weighed the price of the iron so has been a costly mistake for a unasuming pensioner i think there should be a warning about voltages when getting on to the Amazon USA site.It is a shame as i now have the iron i wanted but unable to use.
A wonderful piece of equipment. Makes ironing a pleasure instead of a chore. This baby doesn't leak as some do and you can go at any angle you choose. Highly recommend.
I replaced my steam iron with a T-fal steam iron, and had problems with leaking water during ironing when not required, also lacking good instructions to use. After reviewing some other products, I have decided for the Panasonic Steam Iron. I'm very satisfied with this product. No leakage, very good instructions, and easy to operate, quick heat when needed
"According to the Amazon data base, I purchased the Magic Bullet in March. It is hard to believe that I've been using this blender at least twice every day since. I have used it primarily as a ""frozen"" drink maker--some would call them smoothies, I call them meal replacement drinks. I have also ground coffee beans to an espresso grind; made pesto, salad dressing, and use it to mix the wet ingredients for my seitan.

What I have learned: the heavier ingredients need to go into the cup first and then the lighter ingredients, whatever they are. When making pesto, this means that the nuts go in first, followed by the cheese (especially if you are using a chunk of cheese as opposed to shredded) and then the basil. If you are using olive oil, it should actually go in last. The reason for the importance of the order is that the blade, while it is put on top of the cup, is actually the bottom of the blender. Putting the heavier ingredients into the cup first help insure smoother blending action. The only time that the heaviest item should not go in first is when it is sticky: nut butter, molasses, etc.

When I make pesto, I leave it in the cup and use the ""storage"" lid. I have found that it keeps very nicely for about a week.

What I do not recommend: While grinding coffee beans was successful, I was a bit concerned about the motor burning up. It may be because I was grinding the beans to an espresso grind rather than a drip--as they show on the infomercial. I also do not recommend grinding large quantities of cheese. Truthfully, it is questionable as to whether it is faster than using a box grater. I have also tried to grind medications and calcium tablets. It takes a very long time and the pills never really got powder smooth. They also stay ""stuck"" to the bottom of the cup when blending into a drink.

Advice: remove the gasket for cleaning. When using berries, the seeds can slip under the gasket and cause a mess. Also, when using the Magic Bullet for mixing anything with oil or fats, I recommend washing it in the dishwasher (top shelf). I had no luck cleaning the ""grease"" out; however when blending just about anything else, it is very easy to clean with just water and a drop of dish soap.

Yes, I will buy another if/when this one dies of over use."
"""I have also ground coffee beans to an espresso grind""
""The flat blade is for grinding coffee beans ""

The mental image of someone grinding coffee in a blender gave me a pretty good laugh. I don't think that's what they intended the flat blade to be used for. Actually a blender is not meant to be a coffee grinder at all, especially for espresso. 

It would be like trying to use your microwave cook a turkey or bake bread."
I finally found the answer to "shredding soft cheese" like chedar... the answer is... "Nope". Thanks for the excellent review.
"I got a magic bullet as a Christmas gift a few years back and have had a love/hate relationship with it ever since. At first I thought it was fabulous... then the motor broke after a few months and I thought it was junk. I took it apart and managed to fix it and was back to loving it again. That was about 4 years ago. A few weeks ago my mother came to visit and she asked me why I liked it more than my blender. I explained how nice and simple it was to be able to make small batches and use the blending jar as your drinking glass, so convenient! Then she replied, ""why don't you just put a jar on your blender?"" Lo and behold! My regular blender can become a magic bullet by simply screwing a pint jar (or a half pint jar, or really any size jar with standard threading for that matter!) onto the blade base. The bullet, unlike my blender, only fits with their brand of jar and isn't even compatible with the 'baby bullet' jars! So now I just think it's a gimmick. It still gets 2 stars b/c I appreciate the small footprint on my counter.

UPDATE: Turns out that the bullet blends smoothies better than my cuisinart blender, which left banana chunks at the bottom every time. SO, I'm back to loving it. Be aware, though, the bullet is great for liquifying and pureeing, but it doesn't chop like in the infomercial. Really only worth having if you drink shakes or smoothies regularly."
"I used the product for just a couple of days, to make ice / fruit smoothies. I found that the food in the bottom would blend fine, but that the food in the top wouldn't move down to the blades. This was true in the large cup and in the ""blender"" attachment.

Then I read in the manual that this is such a common issue they have two methods to address it: the cocktail shake and the (something else) shake. Basically this involves taking the attachment off the base, shaking it up, and trying to move the ice / food around so that when you put it back on the base it actually blends.

If the product is designed to *require* this kind of intervention, then it's not what I consider a reasonable blender. I returned mine."
"If there is a design hall of shame, this product would be my top pick as a nominee. Its too bad because a few simple changes would change my rating to five stars. Let me just spell out the good and the bad and let you decide for yourself.

Good:
- Powerful motor in a compact form
- Blend and drink out of the same vessel
- Vessel can be sealed securely with screw on lid
- Comes with grinding and blending blades
- It does a good job of grinding seeds and spices
- It does a good job of making blended drinks as long as I break the ice cubes first

Bad:
- After a few months the shaft bushings wear out and become excessively noisy to the point I need to wear hearing protection. (I'm not exaggerating)
-If you screw a lid on the blending vessel, you will lacerate your fingers on the vessel's sharp little tabs trying to unscrew it.

And the most annoying feature of all:

- The little feet on the tall blending vessel are not only too small but are rounded off, causing it to tip over and disgorge its contents with only the slightest perturbation. Whenever this happens I think of the person who designed this and I say to myself ""YOU EEDEEOTT!!!""

So, if you are deaf, have leather fingers and are extremely agile, you will love this product."
"Update Dec 2013
Still going strong.
upgraded to 5 stars for durability, easy to clean and versatility
recent uses: hummus, coffee grinding, grain grinding

UPDATE-One year of ownership-----
Really like this blender!
I use for the following now- grind spices, grind coffee, make smoothies, make hot and cold sauces, salsa, assist in soup creation.
I use it more because cleanup is so easy to accelerate food prep with it.
No down time with this baby! Everything still works, blades still sharp, seals still good
Probably use 5 to 8 times a week now.

Why I bought it: I wanted a smoothie and drink mixer that was easy to get to, quick to use, and quick to clean. This blender does that very well.

How I use it: I use this blender two or three times a week and make smoothies- that includes ice cubes, frozen fruit and more. I grind coffee and spices with it. I make hot and cold sauces with it. I make frozen drinks with it as well.

Owned for 8 months

PROS:

Small but powerful
Quieter than my large blender
Mixing container is also storage container
Ergonomically designed
Quality of construction
I can make three sauces in 10 minutes and store them in the containers and clean later!
Container and lids are dishwasher safe (I use top rack)
My smoothie is blended in the cup- only 1 item to clean now
Blender blade rinses clean because it is not recessed into the attachment as deeply as a large blender
3 different cup sizes in my kit- and I use all 3.

CONS:

Loud.....Only can blend for 1 minute or you risk the motor life being shortened-usually 45 seconds is all I need to blend
Lots of parts and pieces to store-I like all the optional pieces but some people may think this is too many accessories
This blender is a single serving machine - don't invite 10 friends over and make drinks you will be there for an hour.

Overall very satisfied for small kitchen light duty personal blender."
"I usually don't write reviews at Amazon, but I wanted to write a review of the Magic Bullet when I saw that some people had given it only one star and were complaining about it not being able to grind up ice for smoothies. I don't know what they are doing wrong, or if they got a defective product, but for me the Magic Bullet is the perfect smoothie-maker. I hated making smoothies in our big blender because of the mess and clean-up and feeling like I wasted so much stuff just by pouring from the big blender into a serving glass. With the Magic Bullet you just put ice and liquid and stuff in the drinking cup, pulse repeatedly until you don't hear any ""clunk"" sound from the ice and you've got a perfect smoothie in a cup ready to drink in less than a minute, with just a few seconds of clean-up. I usually do about 1 cup of ice and 1 cup of liquid (juice, milk, yogurt, espresso, whatever), less liquid if I am putting in berries or some other fresh or frozen fruit. Just pulse repeatedly (don't ""lock in"" the motor) and it makes the most perfect smoothie. I really wasn't planning to use it for anything else - but for smoothies I had no good solution in my kitchen at all: now I have the perfect solution! We will probably just put the big monster blender out in the garage since we don't use it for anything now. For making iced drinks, the Magic Bullet is fantastic.
HINT: Stir the smoothie with a straw before you leave the kitchen; sometimes there is a big air pocket down at the bottom which will go ""pop"" and make a mess; if you stir the smoothie once with a straw when you take it off the base you can make sure no secret air pocket is waiting to go pop!"
"I bought this thinking it was a great idea. Instead of lugging out the blender and finding space in my small kitchen for it I could use this, and have meals ready in minutes (or seconds as they say in the ads). When trying to make drinks, it doesn't chop the ice, instead leaving it in smaller cubes than what I put in. Trying to shred cheese? Forget it. It just throws it around. Onions? I tried pulsing the magic bullet little by little but it didn't do anything and by the time I was done pulsing it numerous times the ones that may have somehow been cut turned to mush.

Save yourself the money. There's a reason you can buy it on TV now for a buck."
I bought this after seeing the infomercial; I mean what a great idea. I have a small kitchen and wanted to have one appliance that could replace my blender and food processor. What a disappointment! It doesn't do what the commerical states. Mine broke off one of the tabs on the first use but they did replace it. And those great drinks they show in the commercial - fogettaboutit! The ice never breaks - just makes smaller globs. The only thing I was happy about was its ability to shered fresh Parmesan cheese. MIne is going in the garage sale! Don't buy this.
"I've had mine for almost 2 years now, and while it doesnt get used every day it does get used often during any given week. I mostly use it for making sauces, salad dressings, Beating eggs for omlets, and of course mixed drinks and such. I'm not a smoothie drinker so it doesnt get used for that. I have on occasion used it to combine various spices and chop small quantities of ice as well, and it works good for those tasks as well.

The good:
Its always handy on my counter and useable without any problems. It works for what I need it for, all the time and every time. It's easy to clean and requires little care for the use I give it. With the various size containers I find it easy to make larger quantites. I makes great mixed drinks without the hassle of dragging out the full size blender for such tasks.

The Bad:
It doesnt work for all foods. It makes a mess of chopped onions, Trying to grate cheese is almost impossible, and much of what you see on the infomercial is totally impractical, at least for me.

The Rest:
I've found that it does require some maintenance from time to time.. Like once every 6 months or so. By unscrewing the drive hub on the underside of the container (it's a left handed thread), you can remove the blade assembly. There are two small nylon washers, one on each end of the blade shaft that need to be cleaned, the blade shaft needs to be thoroughly cleaned and lubricated and any food buildup under the blade or hub assembly should be removed as well. Once cleaned, lubricated and re-assembled it will continue to run flawlessly for the next 6 to 9 months. The whole task takes less than 10 minutes to accomplish and its quite easy to accomplish.

The Bottom Line:
I like mine a lot.. After 2 years if it ever does go bad I'll certainly buy another to replace it."
"Save your money! For those people who gave this a great rating, I'm confused. I felt entirely ripped off. Get a Ninja instead. I'm writing a review for the Ninja as soon as I'm done writing this one.
My husband bought me the Ninja and the Magic Bullet. I was so excited and got to using them right away.
The problem with the Bullet is the blade is down low and the cup is up high so anything up high doesn't get mixed well if it's something thick. I tried and tried to make it work because I hate doing returns but it just doesn't work no matter what."
"Disappointing strength to blend. This product came highly recommended to me, as I love to make smoothies. It has a hard time chopping up frozen fruit, which is what I use in my smoothies. I am very disappointed and am looking into returning it.

If you use fresh fruit, I'm sure this is a great product, and the to go containers it comes with are terrific."
"I have owned this for a few weeks now, bought it after seeing the infomercial.
First, the good: It comes with 4 mugs and two jars. This is my favorite part about this system, because you can blend your own drinks / foods without having to rinse out the entire thing like a traditional blender. It comes with 4 different colored comfort lips which are good because it makes the mugs easier to drink from. It comes with two different blades which makes it more versitile. It can make shakes and other drinks with ice. It has a very small footprint, which is great. And, finally, it is very easy to use.
Now, the bad: The worse part is the idea that, after blending for 1 minute, it takes HOURS to cool down, otherwise, you can damage the motor. This machine is much much louder than the infomercial will have you believe (if you watch the infomercial, the guy voices over himself a few times so they can change the volume of the recorded blending in action.) It isn't insanely loud, it is about as loud as regular blenders (too loud to casually talk over). The storing cap they provide leaks, it is plastic on plastic without any seals. And, lastly, This this doesn't crush ice / make iced drinks as easily. It recommends blending ice for 10 seconds at a time, but it can take up to 3 blending pulses (30 seconds of blending) to make iced drinks with full sized ice cubes.
Overall, it is a nice machine, but it has it's limitations. I would recommend buying this thing if you can find a good deal, otherwise, keep shopping around."
Ok so I bought the magic bullet, the only thing I really use it for that I feel it works for is making iced coffee frappichinos... When I used it to make salsa I got juice or a slush of very diced tomatos, eggs & ham for omlets was too diced because it does not rotate well..This is my experience and hope it helps
"Purchased this for my husband for a Christmas gift. He had seen on TV and I thought it might be fun to have.
It was the only ""BAD"" gift under the tree this year. Used it on Christmas day to make drinks with ice. Internal
pieces are plastic and not up to crushing the ice. On the 2nd use, the base stripped the blade and was no longer useable.

May be great for other chopping and blending but does not live up to items made using ice.

Best part of story is customer service from AMAZON.com."
This product is a disappointment to me because it doesn't perform as advertised on tv. It is good for making some drinks, but it absolutely does not chop food (even small amounts) effectively. Even if you follow the recipes that come with it, you will be stirring, shaking and trying to make it work only to result in some half-chopped food, and some liquified- so you can forget making the chicken salad or "saving time" chopping your veggies. I wish I had known this before I bought it.
"We love this! After hearing about this from a friend, my husband came home saying we just had to try this out. We have always used a standard blender to make our protein shakes and it's always messy. However, I was still a little leary of this machine as the be-all-end-all of blenders.

Well, it is. It works great (I have to say, though, we've only had it a month) and everything is so easy to clean. We don't use glasses anymore, along with a heavy glass blender, to make our shakes. We make about 2-3 per day and the magic bullet mixes MUCH better than our regular blender, particularly with frozen bananas and blueberries, the powder mixes much better in this, and the cleanup is a breeze. Couldn't be easier!

So if it breaks down in a few months I'll write an update but for now, it has 5 stars."
"Works OK...Customer Service Awful! I received this as a Christmas present in 2009 and after having if for a only a few weeks I've already had problems. It works great as a smoothie maker, but not much else! I tried to follow the directions in the recipe book to make Pesto and not only did I end up with nasty pesto, but a broken tall cup! It says in the directions to microwave the pesto in the Tall Cup (which is suppose to be microwave safe) for 2-3 minutes. I put it in for a minute and a half because I thought that 2 minutes was too long and I ended up with burnt pesto, olive oil all over the microwave and a put a hole in the bottom of the Tall Cup!

I called customer service, but since I didn't have the receipt (IT WAS A GIFT!) they want to charge me $10 plus shipping and handling!

I also tried to make Salsa (this was before the Pesto incident) following their directions and I ended up with mushed up to tomatoes and chunks of garlic (I followed the directions, it was suppose to be a chunk salsa). Not good to say the least, could taste garlic for days.

Works OK...Customer Service Awful!So basically, it you just want to use it to make frozen drinks (which it is convenient for) it works pretty good, but it is it worth the money, no!"
"Godsend for little kitchens and little projects. I love this appliance. I have had mine for over two years and it gets used almost everyday. I have MS so my fingers are numb and shaky. I can cut large chunks but mincing is dangerous. I chop all my vegetables and herbs in this. I do still drag out the food processor to make a big pot of soup or if I have to slice potatoes, carrots etc vs chop. All chopping goes to the Magic Bullet.

I love smoothies and I have no problem blending down frozen fruit into smoothies. I use the frozen fruit and water instead of ice and juice and it works great!
I love fresh salad dressing vs bottled but it was too much work. Not anymore, now salad dressings are fast, fresh and taste so much better.
It is easy to clean and easy to use. The only drawback? Somehow my short cup and chopping blade have disappeared and I can't reorder just those pieces. This is appliance is so small that we drag it along to potlucks and to the cabin and the motor bottom comes came home but not the top. I will probably order another Magic Bullet so I have don't have to wash between chopping onions for dinner and making raspberry sauce for dessert."
I am VERY DISSAPPONTED! Upon buying this I was so ecstatic to make homemade fruit smoothies and of course other things but mainly the smoothies. Within the first few smoothies the thing gave out. The rubber piece on the bottom of BOTH sets of blades where it fits down into the spinning part of the base got SHREDDED and now the power base just sits and spins without moving the blades. This product disappointed me, especially for what I paid for it
"LOVE MY MAGIC BULLET!!!! I originally got the Magic  Bullet to use to make homemade baby food...I have a full sized food processor and full sized blender, but figured this would be better for small amounts. Well, I haven't had the baby yet, but I'm already using the Magic Bullet and IT IS AWESOME! It makes GREAT frozen smoothies, as long as you add enough liquid...if you just add ice and fruit, OBVIOUSLY it won't work...I add juice, milk, or water along with the fruit, ice, and sometimes yogurt and it crushes the ice great. WAY better than my big blender, which was more expensive and is a pain in the butt to clean! Haven't used it for much else yet, but by the way it does ice, I'm sure it can handle anything else I put in there!
"
Excellent for single serve smoothies! I got this because of jaw surgery and I wanted to be able to make single serve smoothies and other meals while recovering. I'm all recovered and I still use this every morning for a smoothie. It's SO much more convenient than using our blender...if I don't have time to wash the cup, there are three more waiting for me the next morning! During recovery, I did use it for several other items...spaghetti, mashed potatoes, cottage cheese, pizza...and it worked great! I wasn't super excited when I saw that the cups are BPA filled...however I never wash them in the dishwasher, and I never heat them in the microwave. It would be great if they'd come out with BPA free versions
"Great for Mixing Drinks! is easy to pull out and make a quick drink without a big production.

Another great thing about the Magic Bullet is that you can whirl up a drink and drink it right in the same mug or cup you mixed with. There are little rings that screw on when you are done blending so you don't have to drink from a lip with screw marks. We are especially big fans of the coffee mug style lids.

It has a bigger pitcher for mixing up a larger quantity too.

It's a total luxury to whirl up a few ice cubes, a little coffee and some milk (and a bit of sugar) for a drink I'd pay five dollars or more elsewhere.

We also love it for milkshakes and smoothies. We use half and half and frozen fruit for the smoothies and then don't need to add ice cubes"
Not very durable, don't waste your money. I had this for 3 weeks and used it every day. The base started malfunctioning and wouldn't turn on and then it would turn on and not turn off. I decided to return it when the part that connects to the base started wearing away. I loved the idea of this product--small blender that doubles as a food processor, but sadly it is poorly made.
does not work like the infomercial. This product has had about 3 months use. I've found that crushing ice is NOT as thorough as it is on the infomercial. There are always large chunks of ice throughout. Also, the turners on the bottom of the 'raised blade' have worn out from friction. If you want to see results, watch the informercial because you won't see them in reality
Great Product, This is the 3rd one I have had. I give them as gifts too. I love this blender. I make smoothies and sports drinks all the time.. saves clean up...mix and drink in the same container. I also use it to make tomato sauce by blending all the spices and whole tomatoes. One of the best products on the market that lives up to the hype..
"fine until it breaks. This is a handy device until you use the reverse feature and it unscrews your lid and the contents leak into the blender, which shorts the motor.
"
"Out of the box, I have a problem with this--there is a a label stuck across the blades indicating that they are sharp. Good to know. But, try peeling it off and there is a thick layer of adhesive left behind. I certainly didn't want to be eating that so I had to spend about 10 minutes trying to scrape that adhesive off. It was very tricky, because, guess what, THE BLADES ARE SHARP.

Such a moment of design stupid. Oy veh.

Otherwise, seems to work well..."
The Magic Bullet is a complete waste of money. It takes a very long time to make anything! That super fast guacamole? It chops up as much as can fit in the blade section in about two seconds...it leaves the rest of the avocado the way God made it! It takes forever to make a smoothie. It leaks if there is too much liquid in it. It is so loud I expect my neighbors to bang on the wall in the morning. The little rims often get stuck on the mugs and you can hurt your finger on the part of the mug that's designed to fit into the base when you unexpectedly get the little rim off with excessive force. There are 2 good things about it: 1) the pieces easily fit into the dishwasher; 2) it takes up very little counter space. I can't wait until the thing finally dies so I can go buy something else! Save your money! Surprise surprise the infomercial is misleading!
"a little bit of a lie infomercial. I had seen the infomercial just about a million times for this product and at last i decided that i would buy this product and see how it worked. The infomercial is great and entertaining, but i dont think it is really correct. most of the things they show using this product to crush and chop you cant use (ice, carrots, anything hard really) i loved the idea for the mugs to make cocktails in but it just dont work, it does not have a good enough blades to crush the ice... it is good for making soups and sauces. it was a big letdown for me cause i thought it would work like it did on the commmercial.
3 stars ***"
"Cheap, doesn't crush ice. I thought I'd try this for my workplace blender because my local warehouse store had it on coupon special, thinking it might be like my Cuisinart Portable Blending/Chopping System. The money I saved was not worth it and I'll be returning it to buy another Cuisinart. The travel mugs feel really cheap and aren't comfortable to hold or sip my smoothies from. Plus the ice never completely get crushed - you end up with balls of ice in your cup. I highly suggest the Cuisinart with the 4 travel mugs instead.
"
"Use it daily and love it I love my Magic Bullet! We have had and enjoyed the same machine for 3 years, and it never had any problems. I use it daily to grind flax seed for my oatmeal, almonds for home-made bread, and make smoothies. The best thing is that it doesn't smell. I can use it for garlic, wash it, and make a strawberry smoothie. Now that we have a baby coming any day, I will use it to make baby food (after the first 6 months, of course).

If it breaks, I will get a new one the next day."
"DON'T BUY IT ON AMAZON! The one you can buy on Amazon, Ebay... IS NOT an authorized Magic Bullet.
I bought it and it brake after 2 months.
If you want the ORIGINAL one you should buy it from their site ([...] or in AUTHORIZED stores (like Best Buy...).
Homeland Housewares does not sell nor permit the sale of the Original Magic Bullet through any other online forum.
Sadly, Homeland Housewares has received numerous complaints from customers who are confused by and have purchased Magic Bullet look-a-likes and have been dissatisfied with the quality.
To make sure it is original it MUST have a barcode UNDER THE MOTOR BASE (you'll need it for the warranty) and the logo HOMELAND HOUSEWARES on the top of the box
(The fake one and the original one look the same except from these details!).
When you buy an AUTHORIZED one make sure to register it online so you have a 1 year warranty."
I'm very disappointed with the performance of the magic bullet. It doesn't operate anything like they show on TV. Save your money!
"Several years ago, I think in 2006, I received a Magic Bullet as a gift. I loved it and used it frequently. It worked for at least 5 years and it worked WELL. I ended up leaving it with a family member when I moved because I didn't think I'd use it much as I was using my Vitamix more regularly.

Then my husband and I had a baby. Once our little guy started solids I immediately got another Magic Bullet (December 2013) to make his baby food at home. The performance was so-so for a month or two (didn't puree well, left lots of chunks) but then it became progressively louder, to the point where I couldn't even be in the kitchen while it was running. Shortly after that a piece broke off the base and it became impossible to use.

The quality of the newer Magic Bullets is nothing compared to their original product. I'm very disappointed and will be returning mine and likely replacing it with a Ninja Master Prep QB1004 which is similar in price but has much better reviews.

I didn't buy it from Amazon, but thankfully Kohl's has a good return policy as well :)"
"Awesome and Perfect for Smoothies!!! I was looking for an inexpensive small personal blender that was powerful, easy to use, and could blend a perfect smoothie. I did a lot of research and looked into about a dozen other brands including the famed ""Magic Bullet"". What I found out was that not all personal blenders are made equal. The ""Magic Bullet"" didn't get very good reviews even though it is by far the most popular. After all my intense research, I settled on this one... The Hamilton Beach Single Serve Blender. Here's the scoop on what makes this surprising blender the ""cream of the crop"" :)

Pros:

-Simple and easy to use
-Easy to Clean
-Powerful enough to chop frozen fruits (and probably ice too)
-Pulse button allows you more control because you can start or stop it.
-Seems very sturdy and only has 3 parts to it. (lid, glass, and base)
-This thing is freaking cheap... got mine for $15.
-Blends Smoothies perfectly with no unchopped pieces of fruit.
-Power cord can be tucked in and wrapped around bottom of base for storage.

Cons:
-Emits a slight 'burnt oil' odor while it is in operation... but it's not as bad as it sounds.
-The Lid seems kind of flimsy.

Conclusion:
At $15 this little blender is not only a bargain, it gets the job done and does it well! In fact, it works just as well as my friend's personal blender which costs more than twice the amount I spent on this one. The elegance and simplicity of the design is also to be admired. The plastic blending container also doubles as a travel mug and the Lid to it doubles as a sipping lid when used as a travel mug. It's a nice surprise to see a product in which you can see that they put a lot of thought into it's design. It's positive aspects greatly outshine the few negatives... especially when considering the price. So if you need an amazing blender but you're on a budget, pick this one up and never look back! By the way, this thing is also available elsewhere... like ""Wally World"" and ""Target"" ...and at the same low price :)"
"Great little device for daily smoothies, but does not last even a year. This is an amazing value for the price! I have a full-sized blender, but it was just too much for what I needed (1 serving smoothie), and was annoying to clean such a large thing afterwards... so I wanted something smaller. I LOVE the design of this blender - it's a very simple 1-button machine that allows me to throw everything in it, blend, and then just twist off and GO! The lid slides open to allow for drinking my smoothie directly out of it (so it serves a double purpose). The design of the lid is very good - it's very easy to sip the smoothie from this (it has a nicely designed drinking lip), and the size of the container is perfect for my car cup holder. After you are done with base, the cord twists and locks into a recessed area in the bottom of the blender, making cleanup even easier. The blender looks awesome just sitting on my countertop, ready to make smoothies at any time! The only thing I could possibly wish for is more power.

Pros:
1) This is a perfect smoothie maker! Has been able to handle almost anything (see Cons below for more about this) I've put in there, even frozen fruit.
2) The design is just genius to me. I'm able to make a smoothie and go in 5 minutes. After blending, just twist off and go, and lid slides open to allow you to drink/sip... it's totally portable. Device itself is very small, takes up little space on your counter, and does look nice (especially since the cord is pretty much concealed at base of blender). I actually like that it only has 1 button - makes it easier for me.
3) Cleanup is a breeze. Splash some water and a little soap in there and swish around, dump out and air dry, or just let water sit/soak for a few minutes if the food is harder to get off. I've read from other reviews that the lid can become a little flimsy, so I always handwash it. Dishwashers can warp some delicate plastics sometimes...

Cons:
1) As stated on some other people's reviews, there IS a burning smell if you push button for too long or if you throw something in there that it cannot handle. Always pulse this thing for maybe 20-30 seconds at a time, do NOT just keep your finger on the button for too long. This is basically just a baby blender, so it's a little more delicate than many of us are used to.
2) This little blender is not able to handle large & hard items very well - I wish it had more power. Examples of things the blender has had trouble with: big pieces of cubed ice, whole frozen strawberries. I used the crushed ice dispenser from my fridge when I need ice, and cut the whole frozen strawberries in half when I need those. If you stick something in there that it cannot handle, the blade is just going to freeze up on you (i.e. get stuck).
3) The blade is small, so it's not always as easy as ""blend & go"" - sometimes I have to pulse a couple of times and then ""help"" it by mixing the things at the top into it with a spoon so that everything is able to make it to the blade at the bottom and get blended properly. This isn't a big deal to me, although I know that the super expensive blenders that people use for smoothies, like VitaMix or BlendTec, don't require help from spoons as much as this one :)
4) This blender does not blend as well as more professional blenders. I've had a green smoothie (i.e. has spinach in it) from a pro blender and it's perfectly smooth and blended, you don't see any food particles at all, looks beautiful. With this blender, you do see the small pieces of chopped up spinach mixed in it (they ARE small, however). This doesn't bother me at all personally, although it grosses some of my co-workers out :)

TIPS!
1) Because this blender is not very powerful, I've found that it works better if you put the liquid and/or soft items in FIRST and then begin to blend in the frozen items and ice.
2) Remember to pulse, do not continuously blend for more than 20-30 seconds I'd say (or you will get the burning smell!). I actually pulse for about 10-15 seconds myself (I want this thing to last me a long time!)

Conclusion:
Despite the cons, this VERY inexpensive blender has still been an amazing purchase for me. You definitely get more than your money's worth, in my opinion. I have owned and have used it everyday for 2 months now and it works fine as long as I remember that it isn't super powerful and might need some ""help"" sometimes. The design of the blender is amazing though and is what makes this stand out from other blenders. It makes it so easy to create a smoothie and go. I am kind of lazy but wanted to change my diet. I have a full-sized blender but it was burdensome - too much - too big - a pain to clean. This blender has made it SO easy that I'm now drinking extremely healthy smoothies everyday, full of things like spinach, veggies, fruit, yogurt, flaxseed oil, and organic raw egg yolks. I've lost 7 pounds and am FULL of energy now also. I'm so happy!! This little blender has made a large positive impact on my health. I'm sure I'll eventually get a VitaMix one day since I'm eating the smoothies so much now, but only when this one dies on me (let's see how long it lasts).

UPDATE Aug 2010: Originally bought this blender May 2010. It's August 2010, and the lid finally cracked - well, I guess I got what I paid for. The crack is getting bigger and starts to leak liquid now as I blend. I've used it almost daily now for 3 months... since I know that smoothies are going to stay a part of my diet now, I am considering upgrading to a Vitamix blender.

UPDATE Aug 2011: I have officially trashed this little blender and am downgrading my rating to 3 stars because it's no good for long term use. I bought another one soon after the lid cracked on the previous one (hey, at under $20 a pop, I didn't think much of it to just buy another). WELL, a couple of months after purchasing that 2nd blender, the bottom of the plastic cup cracked! Grrr... The mechanism/motor of the units worked just fine each time, it was the VERY cheaply-made plastic container/cup that makes this product a bad idea for long term use. I have purchased a Ninja Prep Pro system and although it's not a Vitamix, it's a HUGE improvement over this little blender (and the Ninja is also Consumer Reports' #2 blender right now, right behind Vitamix!)"
"Great little blender for the price.  I'm about to buy my 3rd one. I've got one at home, and one I take on the road with me. I'm buying a new one because the one I've had for a little over a year has finally gotten a small crack at the bottom and leaks slightly; I don't know if it's because I had stored it for a short time in sub-freezing temperatures, or just because I've used it until it cracked. Who cares? It's $12, that comes out to a buck a month. I use it anywhere from 2-10 times a week, depending on how warm it is and what I'm in the mood for.

I was reading some of the other reviews complaining about several things, and I wanted to address my thoughts on those issues after having used one of these for about 2 years.

Leaking around the lid: I just now filled it 3/4 full of water to test it out, since I usually make smoothies or shakes with it, and they are much too thick to leak. Yes, it will leak a bit around the slide cover of the travel lid, if you are blending thin liquids. It wasn't very bad, and if you hold your hand over the lid it won't get everywhere. All I can think of is that some of the reviewers aren't snapping the lid on completely and it's leaking around it. I've never had a smoothie leak through or around the lid.

Not blending anything solid/only blending stuff on the bottom. People, if your mixture is too thick, it can't get down to the bottom to blend up correctly. A large kitchen blender will blend thicker stuff because (a) it's got a more powerful motor, and (b) a much larger blending container. When you are using this, it's better to put the liquids in first, and then the harder stuff up top; otherwise, you are going to have a very thick mixture on the bottom that can't rotate up and let the thinner stuff down. This isn't a design defect, it's just physics and the way things are. When I make smoothies, I put the ice in last, and it grinds up large chunks of ice very smoothly. If it's still a bit too thick to blend up, I add a bit more milk or juice or whatever so it will work properly. Once it gets going, it has a nice whirlpool effect and everything gets blended well.

As far as the smoking motors, I have had no problem with either of mine. You can smell the motor bushings when you use it, but it's the same smell you get from every electric motor, just ask anyone who owned a model train as a kid. I only blend for less than 20 secs at a time, so maybe that's why I have never burned the motor up. You can't leave it going continuously like you might a large kitchen blender.

People, this is a one serving blender, and for $12, you get more than what you pay for. I'm sure there are better ones out there, but not for even twice the price of this one; if I have to buy a new one every year, I can live with that. You can't compare it to a full sized kitchen blender and expect it to do everything the big one does. I thought about taking one star from it for a couple of things I would recommend changing about it (I think a blending lid would be a good idea, and it would make it easier to clean if you could separate the blades from the bottom), but in the end I decided that I couldn't expect those things from, once again, a $12 blender.

In conclusion, it does what it professes to do (makes smoothies and shakes), does it very well if used properly, and does it for what I consider to be a bargain price. That should be the gold standard for 5 stars, in my humble opinion."
nice ...with one big flaw. Works nicely for mixing up those breakfast protein shakes but the lid started cracking after only 3 months of daily use so when mixing it leaks at that point, I have to try to plug it with my finger to stop it from leaking onto the counter, other then that i'm happy with how easy it is to use and clean.
"A good investment, I am so glad I bought this little blender. It is exactly what I need for making smoothies. I have a Back to Basics smoothie maker with a pouring spout and that is fine for making smoothies for the whole family, but I also make them daily for myself alone, thus the need for this personal blender.

When I make my smoothies in this little blender, I use 6 to 8 ounces of plain yogurt, 4 frozen strawberries (available at the dollar store), 1 TBS wheat grass powder, 1 TBS ground flax seed, agave nectar for sweetening, and top it off with some milk to make it more fluid. I also use bananas when I have them. The result is good, but a little gritty because of the flax seed. I don't mind, though, because I am feeling great. The flax seed not only lowers my cholesterol, but my joints feel better as well.

This product is easy to clean, and that includes getting ground flax seed out of it. You have to pulse it, instead of keeping it on full blast, but it doesn't take long at all before the frozen strawberries are all blended, and I can enjoy my smoothie. It makes great milkshakes, too.

I have had mine for about 6 months now, and I love it. If it broke tomorrow, I would go right out and buy another one, because it is so handy. You can take your smoothie drink with you, because of the handy container, but I drink mine at home, so I can't really say how it fits into the cup holder in the car.

There is a burning motor smell almost every time you use it, but it doesn't seem to be a problem for this little machine. You will have to make sure it is properly seated in it's motor base before you turn it on.

I also like that it doesn't take up much counter space. I can leave it out, and it's not in the way."
"Works great but use common sense, Most of the reviews I've read here below 2 stars are failing to treat this blender with care. If you are making smoothies, make sure you do the following:

1) Always put liquid like nectar into the cup FIRST - very important. It should be at least 1/3 of the contents.
2) Don't stick large pieces of fruit into the container. Cut them up into 1"" or less cubes. This will make it easier to blend.
3) Do not put large ice cubes in the container. It will get stuck between the container and the blades. The blades are not big. If you push your luck too far and hit the blender button, the ice cubes will get stuck. You can burn out the motor that way, let alone break the container.
4) Do not fill the container more than 75% of the contents. That will prevent any explosion and leaking.
5) Do not press the button for long durations. Do quick presses to let the contents move around and displace itself. If you get ice cubes stuck and continue to press, you will burn out the motor.
6) Always lock the cup into the base. It is really easy to just shove it in the base and hit the button. Don't. There are icons on the cup that align with the base. Use them to avoid problems.
7) Watch the contents in the cup. If they are stuck and not moving, stop pressing the button. Take those items out and cut them into smaller sizes.
8) You will know you are pushing your luck too far when you start to smell an odor coming from the unit. Stop blending and let the motor cool down.

I've made many smoothies this way and they turn out pretty good. But just don't expect professional quality because the blades and motor are nowhere near a professional/commercial quality blender."
"Horrible! I had a lovely little Signature Gourmet personal blender for $20 that I was using practically every day for the past year. When it stopped working I was unable to replace it because it's been recalled.. so I went to WalMart and started shopping around.
There I found this Hamilton Beach single serving blender. It was classy and elegant and looked like it held even more than my previous blender, so I was very happy to try it out.
But when I got home I dscovered that the ""travel lid"" it comes with is in fact the ONLY lid it has. You can slide a cover over the drinking hole, but do you think that actually holds the liquid in? Nope. Even when the blender is only half full, running it causes fluid to well up from beneath the drinking cover, and flood the top of the lid. I had to keep mopping it up to continue blending.
On top of that, the blender actually got stuck on. I was pulsing the button (exactly like I had to do for my Signature Gourmet) and when I took my finger off, the blender did NOT stop. Pressing the button again didn't turn it off either. I had to unplug it from the wall, and when I tried to plug it in again it started up immediately.
Needless to say, I am taking it back!"
Listen to the Reveiws,I bought this despite all of the people complaining about the motor burning out simply because it had so many perfect reviews. The motor DOES BURN OUT. I was mixing fruit juice, yogurt, a cut up banana and cut up strawberries. I was being careful not to burn out the motor because of prior reviewers. The motor started smoking after making 4 of these smoothies! It lasted 2 DAYS. Do not buy this product to blend ANYTHING solid. If you want it to stir up liquids then maybe its for you. worthless product.
3 Week Life Mine lasted for three weeks before it burnt out. I used it twice daily during that time, with mini ice pellets and pre-sliced frozen fruit---which it seemed to handle fine (no burning smell or other signs of overuse). I thought the blender would last me at least a year or so (like my last unit, which I purchased several years ago); but no, dead in less than three weeks. Maybe the makers cheapened the product so people would have to buy replacements more often; or to over-stress a single-minded bottom line. So something that seemed like a good price upfront ends up becoming really pricey and frustrating; considering how often a replacement would have to be purchased--at this rate about once a month. It would be like buying a new blender every year for $240 a piece!! Insane.
"This little blender did not make it two weeks before burning up the motor. I used it every morning to make protein shakes and it could not handle the stress of milk, protein and frozen fruit. I had another one just like this except in white and it lasted years, wish I would not have thrown it away now.

Poor Little Blender...I bought one for a friend to get him into working out and drinking shakes in the morning and his lasted all of three weeks.

Do not buy this product unless you are blending liquids with powders no frozen fruits, ice, or ice cream."
Jar broke after 2 months Works great for those mornings before work, however, the jar broke with the normal load, few ice cubes, protein shake powder, and almond milk, it just broke, ok things break but that is not even why I'm giving this thing 1 star, I cleaned up all the mess from the shake, turned my computer on and look everywhere for the jar by itself, only the manufacturer site has it, and it charges half of what the whole thing is, plus the shipping, in my case $14 in Brooklyn NY. That is insane, I hate disposing the working part, but I'm not paying more for one jar then the whole thing, and I'm not buying a whole new one so it can break and then I'll have only motors.
"Great for the size! I needed something to make protein shakes and to puree garbanzo beans to make hummus without having to bring out the big blender and this works great! It is easy to clean and store. When I begin mixing it, I do it in increments. For instance, 30 secs at a time. If you are blending for too long, I don't think it is good for the product (because it is small) ... you don't want to burn out the motor. Overall, I think it works great! I am very happy with it.
"
You get what you pay for I'm a college student and I live on campus. I was looking for a blender that was both cheap and small because I don't have much space. I found this and I was so excited to try it. I liked that it was a single serving blender and that it was very easy to store. I've had it for a couple of months now and hardly use it. I tried to use it a lot to make smoothies in the beginning but the blender struggled tremendously with blending fruit, especially if it was frozen fruit (which is what I use for smoothies to make them thicker and colder). It took at least ten minutes and a lot of stirring in order to get the blender to blend the smoothie to a somewhat smooth consistency. I wish that I had done a little more research and put out a bit more money for a better quality blender because this one just doesn't do its job well for me.
"Works pretty good for smoothies -- especially for the price! I was looking for an inexpensive blender for my morning smoothies, and this one does the trick. I've had it for a few months now (in black) and have used it about five times per week since I bought it. I've never put the cup in the dishwasher, though handwashing can be a pain. The cup has the blender blade in the bottom, and I've poked my hand on it on more than one occasion while trying to clean it thoroughly. Also, the inside of the cup has about six small raised ridges that run almost the whole length of the cup. Food/drink components tend to build up a little bit next to these ridges, so you have to specifically go up and down the ridges with a wash cloth to get it perfectly clean (going around the cup interior in a circle does not address these ridges very well). It's not a big deal, but I thought it was worth mentioning. The lid has a groove where it fits onto the cup, and that can also be difficult to clean. The lid also has a plastic piece that you push back and forth to open or close the drinking hole. I sometimes use my fingernail to ""peel"" that plastic part up slightly in order to run water under it and get everything out from under there. I've found that my best bet is to wash (or at least rinse) this cup and lid pretty soon after drinking my smoothie so as not to let the residue dry onto the blender.
A typical smoothie for me can consist of one frozen banana (that was chopped into one-inch pieces prior to freezing), a tablespoon of flaxseed meal, some spinach or other greens, maybe half an apple cut into one- or two-inch pieces with skin on, and a cup or so of liquid. The blender has no problem with these ingredients, though flaxseed meal doesn't seem to get ground up anymore than when I take it out of the bag, and apples can create a bit of a weird texture since they're not ground up perfectly either. Fruits with skin (blueberries, apples) or any greens tend to leave small (1mm or less) bits in the smoothie, but I suppose if you didn't want the fruit's fiber in your drink then you'd be purchasing a juicer instead of a blender anyway. This blender is capable of blending some things to a perfect creamy consistency -- it just depends on what you put into it. With just frozen bananas and milk, you can make a perfectly creamy ice-cream-type of dessert in under 45 seconds.
You do have to hold the button down the whole time it's blending (it does not stay on by itself), but I've never had to blend anything for longer than a minute. I've pulsed things repeatedly and I've held it on for 60 seconds straight without letting go, both with hard bananas in there, and I've never had a problem with the motor. It does sometimes smell like plastic a little bit, but it works again perfectly the next morning when I go back for more.
The cup clicks into place on the base to lock it, so you can operate the machine with just one hand holding the button, but I rarely ever use the locking feature. I find it quicker to just set the cup down (you don't even really need to line it up at all), hold my hand on top (even sometimes with the lid barely on), and hold the power button with the other hand. It's pretty simple.
The lid fits on tightly if you want it to, and I've never had any issues with leakage. I suppose if I left it tipped over in my bag or shook the closed container violently enough, then my smoothie would start to leak out around the edges of the open/close mechanism at the top of the lid (where you sip from), but I've not had a problem yet.
At this point, knowing that it has worked fine for a few months now, I wouldn't hesitate to re-purchase this blender if it were to somehow stop working tomorrow. In my opinion, it's well worth the price. I knocked off one star not based on blender quality (because I think its quality surpasses its price point) but based on the inconvenience of cleaning it."
"This blender is great for small tasks! I don't leave many reviews, but I wanted to clear things up about this blender for people who are on the fence about buying it because of the mixed reviews like I was. This blender is amazing. I read that a lot of people have issues with weird smells or with the motor breaking down within days of receiving it and I can guarantee that is because they are using it wrong.

I'm sure that a lot of people use this to crush ice without a problem, but I can promise you that if you don't put ice in it, you can make amazing smoothies and milkshakes without ever running down the motor. I use frozen fruit, yogurt, or ice cream to thicken the drinks without putting stress on the motor. Additionally, I read that a lot of people are holding the button down and then smelling a burning smell. This problem is easily solved by not holding the button down. I was extremely impressed by how powerful this motor is and how sharp and effective the blades are. There is no need to hold the button down and wear the motor out in order to get a perfectly blended drink. I just pulse the button, maybe ten times (ten seconds at most), and always come out with a smooth and well blended beverage. I've never smelt burning, the motor has never made weird noises, and the drinks are incredible.

I love this blender. It only cost me twelve dollars and I use it every single morning. AND ITS A CUP. Does it get any better than that? You just take it off the motor and bring it with you. It's also great to not have to wash an entire full size blender for one drink. I just rinse this thing out with some soap and warm water and its good to go. If you need a personal blender and are undecided about whether or not this will work as it says it will, this one is wonderful."
"Amazing If You Know How To Use It! Some things to note:

1) This is a PERSONAL blender, meaning its motor isn't mean to be left running.
2) The best advice I can give you is to not run the motor for more than 3 seconds.
3) PULSING is your friend! By pulsing you *CAN* crush ice, frozen fruit, and pretty much anything else.

How to make an amazing smoothie with this blender:
You'll need:

* 10 oz. of your favorite juice (I use Sunny D)
* 5-10 ice cubes (More ice = thicker smoothie)
* Some frozen fruit (I use 4-5 frozen strawberries and 6-8 pieces of frozen peaches)

1) Add juice and ice to blender.
2) Pulse for 1 second about 10 times, waiting a second between each pulse.
3) Add frozen fruit.
4) Pulse another 10 times.
5) If not completely blended, open up blender and stir then pulse 10 more times."
 I love it. How much is it and where can i get it.
Never more, nothing lasts, it turns black.
 i love the purple!!!
 I love my stardusts
Lovely sophistication all
 Love mixing the watch with this.
 love them
..so nice..!!!!
The very best from Swarovski...
Love them all !
it's beautiful
Love it
Loveee it!
I am in love 
Loves!
 wow
 Wow
 I love it
I like the rose gold and silver
 I love it!!!
I love it
Having it & Still Loving it
Love the design, very modern!
Love it !!!!!
 I love Swarovski
That is gorgeous!!!
I love it
Fabulous.
I love it .. It is my Christmas gift ..
Soooooo ordered! 
 Love the colors! Beautiful!
Oh. I am in love
 Love this collection.
A dream:)
Nice
Wow!
wow...
Wow!
 I want them! omg????
I love mine!
 Wow
Love it
love it.....
nice
 love it.
Love it
To pat happy birthday syl
 I love Swarovski
 Beautiful clip. Love it
 I love!!
 one of the best watch with special style
Merry Christmas , I think You took Christmas Off for a Few Good For You , God Bless You & Yours , I just Love Your watches  ! when My oldest fin his engineering Degree, mybe he can get me one, im thinking maybe Best Mom , on it ,  and little silver Angels floating around the Glass piece Yes silver Angels , band and pretty much everything , and maybe a tinge of light purple on the backing of the case,  ill figure that out when the x comes , the Lord Bless You & Keep You 
Love 
 love the color!
 Love it
Very nice...
Wow
Love it
NICE,
 I love it
Love it. 
Waaaaw
Love this
 Amazing, love rose gold
I love my YM2!!
Wow....one day I will have it.......
 I like this
I think I'm in love...
Wow love it how much is it?!
 I LIKE IT
 One love-Only love!!! 
very elegan n high class, wawww..love it 
This price can buy my car in Malaysia... I love this watch very much...
 I love this watch  good for Christmas gift 
amazingggggg wowwww
Oh my god i like it..
 Wow Nice
Very niiiiice!
 Nice ......love love rolex
I love rolex watches
Ong in love
Wow.. 
Wow!!!
In loveeeeeee
i love it 
 I love it 
wow love ittttt
Love da rollies,work,play , formal
Just love my Explorer 36mm
 Love my Sea Dweller
do u love ur Rolex?
Love it !
I love my Brietling Super Avenger.
 Love my Rolex! Never stops working
I like it
"BEST"
 I Love It 
Love Rolex my brother...
 I love mine
Lenovo A850 nice fone bt cant transfer apps from mobile memory to Sd card
I love lenovo..
lenovo s560 is the worst phone i had never seen
nice n awesome pis
Nice
 Nice fone
Nice
I love lenovo
Better than galaxy note 4 and iphone 6 ??
I used to hve a vibe z.. 2 months old cannot charge. And cannot settle the problem.. i was so happy to own tht damn phone.
Boo.... X2 GPS is not working. Been advise is due to software problem but after downgrade by lenovo service center, is still not working at all.When u gonna to fix it? A smart phone without GPS, what for? I got myself a brand new GPSless lenovo X2, how exciting I am.
I checked with Johor Bahru exclusive store but they don't give free gift
My brother use this model.. Frequence problem power suddenly off and cant turn on. When open battery and reinstall back the battery then can turn on... Why like that?
never again lenovo phone! ur support is a piece of shit...
Mmg best
Used half year screen cannot touch send to repair i've been told need wait spare part. Already 2weeks very bad service lenovo. For me i never ever buy lenovo product anymore.... suck
A760 user here. i can't install whatsapp or viber from google play store. only fake versions are there. if i go to the whatsapp official site it says the device is not compatible with whatsapp.
Nice very nice
its wowwwww. smart phone
I got it in my hands, bought it in DUBAI for 499AED (150€) Delivered inclusive cover and screen guard. Very happy with the phone, good sound!
Great phone at low price great display no problem 
Yaa battery is replaceable,and the mobile awesome..value for money.
i have bought this phone from snapdeal.this phone has the poorest sound quality i have ever seen.do not buy it.buy asus zenfone instead
awesome
great battery lif (2 days with moderate use) great display (ips) with very good outdoor visibilty (sun) very good performance multitasking and gaming very good call qulaity (loud speaker) Main cons : doesn't have a gorilla glass
Frens I have s580 I fecing the camera problem when I shoot the video its coming big SCOP screen how to set up camera pls help
I used this phone for 1 month and very like it. May be because I had lumia 920 before )  This phone lightweight, have great display and normal batter life. What need else?
Qualcomm is better than Mediatek,particularly in case of long lasting.Batterys work well with Qualcomm chipset and lasts longer with longer life span compard to mediatek chipsets.
I have this phone just this weekend, and I must say this is a beautiful phone with LTE and a brigt screen, that is sweet. But one thing that is a negative for this phone is its RAM. it has only 1 GB of RAM, and its running low every once in a while. Lags and hangs is common, that is why it has an memory cleaning app pre installed. So think twice, there is a tradeoff though. For me, I might just sell it again, I have a wrong choice.
Great value, good job Lenovo .. Hope soon as possible come in to Indonesia before christmas, what else can we looking for guys? 5.5" ips panel @720p 16m ( I think 5" more compatible with my hand ), 2500mAh, snapdragon 400 quad core @1.2ghz, adreno 305, ram 1gb, rom 8gb, microsd up to 32gb, android os kitkat, 8mpxls rear camera, dual sim on
I bought this phone when it was first released and it is exceptional value for money. It's hard to find any fault with the phone, the 5.5 inch IPS LCD display is excellent, the resolution is great, images are highly detailed and colours nicely saturated with good viewing angles and it's very responsive. Battery life is very good giving 5 hours of continuous use on full brightness, so even a heavy user should easily get a full days use before needing a charger. The camera is fine for everyday use and records video at 720p or 1080p. Features are very good, especially the voice control which fires the phone into action whenever it detects the words 'OK Google'. This was reserved for top end phones up until now. Only SD cards up to 32gbs are supported which is surprising but not a problem unless you want to store loads of HD videos. The phone has never locked up or hung in all the time I've been using it and overall it has to be one of the best large screen devices available today. Great buy, great value for money.
battery backup is low....except this all is well.
Too big
I bought this phone 2 days back in India for INR 25,400. Review after using this phone 2 days as below:Cons:1. Old chip set (410) - should have been 6152. Just HD display - Should have been at least FHD.3. No Gorilla protection for screen4. No USB OTG, Gyro sensor - Not a big dealPros:1. Wonderful design - No more regrets for this.2. Light weight.3. New Touchwiz interface is fluid. No more hanging.4. Second SIM slot can be used for SD card too.5. 64 bit architecture CPU and LTE support.6. Most important is Samsung customer support is excellent in India.7. Battery life is decent.
first of all, before you give any unreasonable comments, please keep in mind that this is not a Flagship smartphone. I bought it on 12 January 2015 with a cheap price of MYR1199. It's pretty much half of the price of Samsung's flagship smartphone in Malaysia. So far I love it. I love the colour contracts, I love the camera which have great colour and faster snapper than my previous smartphone. And it sure is lightweight. I don't see any lagging yet. On the battery life, can't say much, it is the same as any other smartphones. Must charge everyday.
Very good phone plase by this phone don't go any brand I am using this phone it's roking
the worst phone in this world ... dont buy dear friend
Samsung A5 A5 3G use very very heat
Dont buy it...buy something else , hang a lot n very expensive for that price
phone is excellent...Pros : Metal body,13 MP CMOS camera so excellent clarity , secondary camera is also 5 MP, excellent screen and resolution, high class specs , in budget Cons : Battery backup , no corning Gorilla glass
Seems to be a good mobile. Very slim & smart. 2Gb ram. Must try it
Yes you will basically only have 8GB to work with.
I'm with ya Sanason, Hand's down the BEST tablet experience on the market, Bar. None. It's amazing to me how incredibly anti Apple GSM has become as Apple has made such significant progression over the past decade. From the HiDPI release of the iPhone 4 (first to market) to its custom 64bit processing and phenomenal development community for ALL iOS products. Whether you're still rockin' the iPhone 4/4s on a 3 ½ display to the Air2, it's irrelevant (unless you're a 6+ owner, but as a 6+ owner, my wife and I ....I've been extremely impressed by A) development 'hustle' to update their apps to the new scale at 1920/1080 and B) how 'good' the non optimozed apps look without updating the apps default resolution). I've been ambidextrous since day 1. From my IIe running MS Flight Sim to my first 286 as an undergrad, 486 DX Turbo SOB for my master's...back and forth. Between iMac when they popped and a gaming PC. My iPhone 6+ is my personal phone. The Note 4 runs my business. I've got the original Xoom and Nexus 7. & 7.2. All three collecting dust. I considered the latest Nexus until playing with it and the Samsung's are just a Note 4 with a larger display and NO optomized apps (other than Sammy's) --- maybe it's a generation thing? Regardless, visiting the Apple Store yesterday probably helped force my hand with this comment. It was my first look at the iMac 5K with the 295 GPU and TB of PCIe SSD storage, 32 GB memory. We own the new Mac Pro which replaced my aging 2008. I also own a couple of PCs. But no matter your 'opinion', what Apple's achieved at this time with the new MacPro, iMac 5k, retina iPads that Flat FLY, optimozed ecosystem and phenomenal support with both vertical and horizontal aggregation and integration with anyone's choice of OS mothership. Windows. OS X. Linux or your favorite flavor of Unix, it'll 'work'. Their entire lineup now sports HiDPI displays and my 2 ½ year old 2012 15" rMBP still SMOKES my one year old MSI 'gaming laptop' and nearly everything but 'Witcher 2' or some silly game my 15 year old wanted to play. Four pounds and incredibly quick storage, doubled in '13/'14 with the PCIe switch. IrisPro 5200 graphics with, I know...a bit long in the tooth but plenty of performance coupled with the 5200, the 750m....a pair of TBolt ports and it's amazingly convenient for fast, external connections. The 6+/Note4 comparison ...no contest. The iPhone all Day and this is my third Note! Couldn't get outta the first quick enough. The 2 was a huge update. Skipped three and got the fourth and it's AmazingBut the 6+ trumps it's 'everything' unless you're a huge styli user. And the iPad 2 comments here are Absured. Have ANY of you 'used' or OWNED an Android tablet? Other than media consumption (not editing...which you can manipulate on an iPad, still or motion with a plethora off apps), email and FacebookOh. Yeah. And Google --- who's 'apps' actually run better in my dual core, ½ the clock speed and a &#8531; the RAM 6+, more fluently and efficiently than my (just flip the specs) Note 4. Open your eyes folks! You're being bamboozled! If you're a 'gamer' and haven't tried the iPad 2, you're missing a Huge boat...nah, a SHIP, get ON, or be left behind As it sucks when your vertical and horizontal integration is with a Chromebook
its not a good choice...i think its PERFECT.... :) Have Fun
Best bat wish it could support whatsapp
i wish that apple creates a waterproof tablet like sony has...
Note 4 . No regrets. Cheers.
too many "Main disadvantages" in review but i think this is right!
excellent
Love mine, 128 GB in grey. It feels like youre just holding a screen, its so light and thin.Performance is extremely quick. Pages load instantly and apps open without delay. Very very satisfied :)
I still think tab s is better after using both u get value for your money
I think it amazing its the best device in the world I will buy it
ipad air 2 is the best tablet yet available in the market, I highly recommend that you get the 4G edition 64 gb
Definitely the ipad Air2 is better than the ipad Air, its thinner, faster, better cpu and graphics, better display, better battery and overall better in every possible way!
This is definitely the best option for those who never own an IPAD but for who's currently using IPAD Air or so, doesn’t Require the upgrade
i really like how they maxed out the features and also the a8x hybrid chip which is faster than iphone 6's a8 chip... remarkable
Best ipad ever, but need to wait for ipad air 3 or 4 to upgrade, my ipad air still working great and i love it very much..
THE BEST PRODUCTS AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET RIGHT NOW MOBILE-GALAXY NOTE 4 TABLET-IPAD AIR 2
wondering where you read about this kind of inaccurate shit. Regards
The only bad thing about this generation of iPad is that Apple removed the side switch.
I don't think so.. i am using tab s and it's sucks.
Apple makes unarguabli one of the best products out there. And ios is a different platform, as compared tp android.Samsung for instance has a lot of bloatware in its touchwiz interface and therefore wil hav to beef up the specs of their products so they can run well. And so doing minimize the possible lags the may occur. Bt it isnt so with apple's ios.
Hi. I have problems with zenfone 5. It null imei. Unknown baseband and unknown signal service. How can I fixed these problems. Sorry for my bad English.
I think interist this phone
This a500kl is not display 4g(lte) connection.
Its a great phone, i'm using skype, watsap, viber and fb messenger. Works just fine!
its price is good then other rivals!!!
Overall the Zenfone 5 16G is better than most smartphone with the same specs. Camera is nice and and you will appreciate it more at night. It's a little bit slow in capturing moving objects and fast moving videos. It has a gorilla glass 3 protection and sony camera which is both good. Audio needs improvement if ure on a loud speaker mode and might need an auxilliary speaker, it's fine though if u r using a headset. The only other let down is the battery as you have to charge ur phone everyday if u are heavy user or connected to the net a lot. However, other brands will have a similar problem. Overall very recommendable considering the price
Worst battery life...jz sick of charging dis fone... waste of money..
I have zenfon5. Suddenly today I am not able to hear any call. Only able to hear by speaker phone...it's just 3 month back I purchased.Anyone know the solution
zenfone 5 4g battery drain so fast..i have install DU Battery saver and its very good apps..you should try it..its helping..
I bought this phone yesterday here in my country (Philippines) then when I used it, I already experienced the battery performance it drains too much when you are using wifi or mobile data etc. But one thing I could say it has a better specs. Very fast when it comes to browsing and specially playing high memory games such as dead trigger, shadow gun and need for speed most wanted it didn't lag at all. Camera is quite good both night and day. I will definitely recommend this phone for those who want a high-end as well as a pocket saver phone.
just bought this phone yesterday. quite not happy with some features of my lte model with my friends 3g model. eg. wallpaper display is different. the home wallpaper is quite darker in the apps menu. and the recent apps menu, my friend that use zenfone 5 3g dual sim got the 'clear all' but mine dont have
hi ihave a zenfone 5 but one problem in this phone that not display photo on contact dial or receive call. so i ask u how will it be possible. please give the advice.
Awesome product with 8gb internal memory where 3.9 gb is reserved for system.2 gb ram and 64 gb expandable memory.there is 8 mega pixel primary camera and 2 mp front with flash. it is having ips. and 3g with wlan with intel core processor with dual core of hyper technology means it act as a quad core when many app is running. batery is 2110 mAh, this is the only problem it drained fast, otherwise very nice to have this, worth of money.
All features are very very good, but battery is very very bad.
Recently bought Zenfone 5 with bit of research at my end. Awesome mobile with great features at unbelievably low price. Performance is great with no lag. Definitely worth consideration and I wold love to recommend it. Worth every penny of your money.
I bought this phone one month back... just the phone was dropped from my pocket.. i.e., from 4 feet... the gorilla glass was totally broken... dont buy this fone... waste of money... service to too bad.. they said that the display costs is 8000... bullshit... i dont use this bloddy mobile even more.....
Battery very bad condition.
I have had my butterfly 2 for a week or so now. (Bought it online and sent to me here in aus Updated it to the latest version of kitkat. I am very surprised how good this phone now is. The camera has a lot of hidden goodness. A few things I read it doesn't have it actually has. I'm loving this more then my S5 I had
how come the design of htc butterfly 2 so "ugly"!!!!
i'll agree this phone is amazing, great specs and waterproof i also liked the red colored one. however i just hoped that they changed the glossy back cover, doesn't look really good.
butterfly 2 with those benchmarks point and excellent duo camera,IP and .... would be the best smartphone ever made till now.
The specs of this phone are great! The cheap-looking back cover can be remedied by putting the Dot View Case.
nice mobile....
Note 3 will be better and cheaper too.
completely awesome phone, much better than the previous one
This phone is crap. Tha battery is too smalll compared to the cpu.
Beats audio now own to apple but htc support boom sound like beats i think :)
nice phone but i need dual sim version
Finally HTC announces better phone then previous ones, having 13MP and 5Mp front
this phone is horribly big for a 5" screen. look at the spaces on the side of the screen oo man!!
Thank god a nice camera.
nice phone
this is amazinggggggg..... best phone in the world. with super specifications and an impressive style and water resistance
this is the best phone i have ever inserted into my purse....
This is the best phone i have ever used for pleasure in my spare time. it never let me down
It's a brilliant phone! It is beautifully crafted, it is fast, the screen is really bright and crisp and it just works with all my other Apple products
My iphone 6 is better to all of you its stroage is 128GB and ram 2GB your bad phone will lose with my iphone
I really love apple phones, rn i got an Iphone 4s and im thinking to buy an Iphone 6 cus i love it, and is a nice phone, everything is perfect about the phone, i really want to know your concern about the phone :).
"Haters always use price and paper specs to attack Apple. However they are always dumbstruck by result of the iPhone smoothness / quality photos, media, audio / updates apps,OS. Haters reasons for picking phones: Paper Specs -> means good quality / performance -> means good output. (Phone might lag! if OS is lousy optimised.. or app written wrongly, or touchwiz haha)
Apple users for picking phones: Good Performance felt / Everything is working as intended -> pay good money for that experience / work. (No uncertainty) So i say stop thinking too deeply about specs or price. Try the phone out. Because Good hardware phone can always be bought cheaply (now that Xiaomi is out, those that use LG/Samsung/Sony are dummy to get so ex. while similar OS). While a phone that provide the best quality and performance is still priceless.
"
I am using $200 android phones smoothly . Phone calls, browsing, game , multimedia ect. Apple fan boys have wrong idea about android. Even this cheap phone can compete head to head with too expensive iphone in screen , camera , , processors features , ,funtionalities etc. Honestly to say iphone has just better looking. Actually your premium iphone's actual cost is $199 for 5s and $230 for 6. This is premium because apple sales more than 100 % profit margins.
I'm loving my Iphone 6, the looks, feel and the ios is all awesome, used to have the S4 but it didn't feel good and the touchscreen and touchwiz was crap I hated it never again.
i love you very much iphone 6 particle
"iphone dont make change too much..people like it bcoz the brand" People like it because its great phone, not because of the brand. "compare to the spec what android got.." Now im confused, android is operating system? :) By the way Apple has proved so many times that specs on the paper doesnt mean much. Maybe instead of talking pointless crap you buy one and see why people actually like iPhone ;)
have iphone 6, moved from iphone 5 an still amazed!! ^^
All apple products are the exact same. Same ui everytime. IPad is a big iphone, iPhone is an ipod with a phone. Android is a bit laggy at times I'll give you that, but at least they try new things. An iPhone can't do half of what my GS5 can. I phones are just limited to keep them user friendly. People are going to like apple others will like android.
Really good phones I always like to use IPHONE there is no competition between IOS and Android. 
i am an android user (who is also a blackberry fan sometimes) and i have been trying to convince myself to try iphone....i am a fan of bigger phones that's why i fell in love with the note phablet...when iphone 6 plus came, i got excited..i thought this might be the time to try iphone...but one thing still bothers me...the battery....is the battery of iphone 6 plus better?
good phone
"Got them for free... worth the price...and then some!, I got these clubs using rewards points for a project I did at work. Literally paid shipping and that was it.

I've been playing a while, but I generally suck at the game. I normally shoot between 47-53 for 9 holes - a bogey to double bogey golfer.

Previously I played a set I had built to specs from Golfsmith (I was bored on a long holiday weekend so I built a set of clubs). My previous driver as a Titleist 975D.

I have owned expensive clubs (Titleist DCI black irons - King Cobra Drivers, TaylorMade Burners, etc...). Are these on par with those clubs ... no. But I also used to play 27-45 holes a week. Clubs were important to me and money not so much.

Then my daughter came along. I literally did not play for the first 5 years of her life. Now I play maybe 10 rounds a year, if I am lucky.

These clubs are perfect for a casual golfer that doesn't want to spend Titleist money on clubs to player 10 rounds a year. I got them recently and went to the course with my daughter. The driver felt really whippy. I am not a long hitter, but felt I could have used a stiffer grade shaft - until I hit it. I normally avoid the driver because I sometimes spray my tee shots. The whippy shaft on this driver forced me to slow down my swing, with great results. I hit the first shot about 210, in the left rough. I did not miss a fairway after that. By the end of the round my drives were averaging 225-230. It felt effortless.

As or the irons, I really miss not having a 5. I don't hit long, my 6 iron is good for about 150. I found the hybrid 5 goes about 170. So it leaves a gap in the bag right at that crucial par 3 distance. It seems every par 3 with water fronting the green requires 160 yards of carry. I might look at getting a 5 iron.

The 3 wood was fairly easy to hit off the deck.

I shot a 39 first time out. The course is a par 32 executive. I will take it. My goal is not to get on tour. My goal is to get the most enjoyment I can out of the few rounds I have the time and money to play.

If you're in it for that reason, these might be very good clubs for you. If your goal is to get very serious about golf and play to a scratch level, you might want to look elsewhere. If you are a long hitter or swing fast, definitely look at getting a different driver.

All in all, I am very pleased with them."
"Nice set of clubs! Proves you don't need to spend a lot of $, My son-in-law has recently taken up golf and has been out a few times with his father-in-law and a friend. Until now, he has borrowed or rented equipment which he said has made his game rather inconsistent because he uses different clubs each time. He was thrilled to receive this set. Luckily, we have had excellent weather (uncharacteristically warm) and he was able to try these clubs out right away. He came back raving about his new clubs, especially the putter. As he put it, it's ""outstanding"" and made his short game the best he's ever had.

From my perspective, the clubs are attractive and the bag is very good quality and nice looking, too. The built-in stand is sturdy and well-made. At $199, I think these clubs are a real bargain. They perform well and look as good as the far more expensive set my husband has. I do recommend these clubs."
I can't believe the price I just got these clubs and can not believe the quality. I have friends that have paid $199 for one club. My last set of clubs were $400+ and were not nearly as nice. Unless you are a super serious golfer these clubs are all you need. I usually shoot in the low nineties and the first time out with these clubs I shot an 88.
"Great set for this beginner, with a few minor complaints… I have just finished playing a marathon day of golf with this set and have been impressed. I am by no means a pro, I shoot between 90 and 100 every 18 usually. Today I was killing it and I really like the driver. I can't hit drivers but this one is great! Why am I not giving this set 5 stars you ask? 5 stars in my mind is perfection and a few minor issues get in the way of that.

Number one, nowhere and I mean nowhere is the word Callaway found on these clubs. I purchased Callaway clubs and call me crazy but I would like to advertise this.

Number two, instead of 3,4,5 irons you get 3,4,5, woods. I think most beginners shoot better with irons than woods and I will probably either practice up with these woods or replace them with irons. Also no sand wedge.

I know these are minor issues so if you can live with these things I recommend these clubs."
Good starter clubs!, I bought these in order to see if I would like the game of golf. A great starter set to ensure you don't waste hundreds of dollars on a high qulaity set and you end up not enjoying yourself, but these are actually very good quality for the price! I've golfed about 15 times since I purchased them and they're holding up strong!
Great set of affordable clubs I purchased these as my first set of clubs and they're fantastic. I really have no complaints. I play with fairly experienced golfers who all have very nice equipment and I never feel that my gear is the limiting factor. Great starter set!
"It's really terrifying today when I was playing on a cushion in a golf training club. Without any hard collision, club 7# just suddenly broke, the iron head simply flied out! And there were many people around, it was really dangerous! Fortunately no people were hurt!

But I was scared, it was obviously quality problem,I dare not use them anymore!"
I wanted to take up golf again, after not playing for many years, I had given away the set of clubs that I had used, when I had been playing, so I needed a new one. After getting "sticker shock" over how much clubs cost I had been shopping for a set of used clubs, when I did a search on Amazon for golf sets. I found this set, and I was drawn by the Callaway brand, which has a tremendous reputation for quality and durability. The set has not disappointed the irons feel good in my hands, and so does the putter. I'm at the point in my life where I don't have any delusions of breaking the course record, I just want to get some exercise. With the drivers I can consistently hit the ball 175-250, the putter works great too. Add to it that the set comes with a bag, a stand, and head covers for the drivers how can you go wrong?
"So this is the set I chose to get back into golf with after about 20 years and this is a very good set for that.
it's a solid set of clubs for the money and I really enjoy hitting these. There are a few holes in the setup though, you'll want to add a sand wedge and a 4 or 5 iron to fill the gap left by having hybrids in those slots.
Don't get me wrong, I love the hybrids out of the rough but prefer to hit an iron from the fairway or tee. I ended up getting a 5 iron and adding it to the bag. (Callaway X2 hot)

At some point I'll probably replace the driver as it has a bit more flex than I like and I've added a blade putter to the bag as well for when the greens speed up. The mallet that came with the set is perfect for long shots or putting from the fringe but I prefer the blade for up close puts as the mallet is quite a bit heavier."
I don't know how people are breaking these clubs.... Mine have taken some serious abuse and are still holding up just fine. Definitely recommend this set for the price. It's a great beginner to intermediate or once a month golfer set. If you're breaking or denting a club head I think you are doing something seriously wrong with your swing...
Really enjoy the set. I didn't realize no 5 iron in it.great set though. I've used it multiple times already and I am very comfotable with clubs. Awesome for the price.
The clubs are a bargain, but two of the clubs were scuffed up a bit. Not bad enough to return, considering the good price. They almost looked like someone had tried them out then returned them and they were just repackaged and sent out to the next customer. With that being said, I liked them and would recommend them to most people.Larry
"I wanted a good set to learn golf with, and all the reviews I read were positive for the price it was supposed to be the Beeez Kneez....
However on my first 18 holes I used my 6i and made good contact with the ball my partner said man you hit that well. While I was walking to the ball he asked me to see my club, he said it looked strange. The Head of the club had bent slightly back, when I gripped it with my hand it broke off without any resistance at all. I was severely disappointed and upset. However the rest of the clubs performed fine. Although its a good ""beginner"" set my confidence in the clubs are ruined and I will be replacing them as soon as I can get some money to do so."
I've played 18 holes and taken to the the driving range a few times, but I think for the price they are a good product. The only negative is, the first time I took out my driver I hit a ball a little off and dented the edge. But I would rather dent this one while I'm learning then a really expensive driver. All in all a good buy for the beginner!
"I bought these last fall and patiently waited until the Summer of 2014 to try them out. I was pleasantly surprised. For once I had a nice set of clubs contained in a fashionable, durable bag. All of my friends believed I purchased the set for around $300 or more and they were all jealously surprised when I told them I got them for under $150. A couple of them tested them out and reinforced my beliefs that I had purchased a stellar set of clubs.

While I am no golf pro, I do understand quality. The clubs, specifically the Irons, are very sturdy and well made. The grips on the entire set are comfortable and easy on the hands. Also, the bag is easy to carry and has a plethora of storage space.

The only slight problem with the set was the Driver. I understand that drivers are supposed to be light, but the Strata Driver feels like it is going to break. It just doesn't feel as well crafted as the rest of the set. That being said, it has held up and I am getting better with it.

All in all this set is perfect for beginning golfers and even works for intermediate golfers. Highly recommend."
The #3 wood broke the first time I used it. I brought the clubs to the driving range and it broke on my 5th or 6th shot. Beauuuuuuuu.
"I have played three times with this set now and have a great feeling about it!! I have played with my father's $3000+ set, and no it is not that good. It is a well rounded set that does me great for the 10-12 times I play a year. I even got my first chip in shot with them last weekend!! The driver is FANTASTIC very forgiving for beginners. The two hybrids are great i just need more practice with them. The irons and wedge are well rounded and the putter is one of the most comfortable i have ever used. I am 230 and 6'2"" and all the clubs fit well, little on short side but workable. The bag is really high quality and looks nice, no one guesses you are just with a starter set when you pull it out of the trunk.

I defiantly recommend this set to anyone who is starting or wants a decent set for the dozen times a year they play!"
As mentioned by other reviews this is a nice set of clubs, however, they don't feel very beginnerish due to the fact that if you top the ball once (which a lot of beginners do it dents your driver. Even though a few dents on a driver won't affect your game, I found the driver to be the worst thing in the bag due to this fact. It shouldn't dent that easily (especially when you're only 5'7 and 140 pounds, I don't think I to put that much force on a club to dent it even when topping it) Other then that I'm pretty impressed with the clubs, the woods are wonderful as are the irons. Overall, I'm impressed with the set for such a cheap price, but if you are a beginner beginner I would suggest buying a better set to get you started so you don't risk the chances of denting your most important club 5mins into a session. Because if you looking to buy a driver alone and if it's name brand you're looking at 400-1000's of dollars just for one club. Best of luck, happy putting.
A very nice set for an average golfer, couldn't beat the price. The drivers are lightweight and oversized (added some distance to my drives) and the grips are comfortable. The bag included also seems well made and has a built in stand. Keep in mind that the irons are steel shaft, woods/hybrids are graphite. The only reason I didn't give five stars is the lack of a 5-iron (irons start at 6) and sand wedge. I would definitely recommend this set to anyon
I really have come to enjoy this set of clubs. I waited to review because I wanted to use it a few times first. I have to say that for the money I spent on these is well worth it. The hybrids are awesome. The putter is mediocre, and the 1 driver is sub-par. I bought another driver and putter. The 3 wood is good. These are good for casual players and beginners.
I finally decided to upgrade my old clubs, which were nearly 20 years old. I'm just an occasional weekend duffer, so I didn't want or need to spend a ton of money. I just wanted to take advantage of the recent technological advances in club design. I did not expect to find such a HUGE difference in the quality of the clubs, and the effect they could have on my game. After a few trips to the range to get to know them, I dropped 10 strokes (!!) the first time I played with these clubs. I'm hitting the ball much straighter than ever before. I know that has to do with perimeter weighting and cavity backs and larger sweet spots, etc. etc. but to be honest it just feels like magic. I swing the same way I always did, but now instead of a ball flight that looks like a banana, I get a ball flight that looks like an arrow. Magic! The entire set feels very high quality, much more so than I expected for the price. The only thing missing was a sand wedge or lob wedge. I bought a lightly used 58-degree wedge at my local driving range for $30. Perfect set, and I am a very satisfied customer. Oh... I'm 5ft-9in tall and these are sized perfectly for me.
I'm a 34 year old guy 6' 225 lbs.who just started out in golf. I've been to the driving range several times and played a few games. This set is perfect for me. I've played with a few avid golfers and they even said nice set. I love this set the bag is nice has a descent amount of room and looks sharp. The clubs are the same I've topped the ball and smashed the clubs into the ground with no problems at all. Bottom line why spend a lot of money on a set if you don't even know if you'll like the sport. I'm hooked and plan to keep these clubs for quite some time as a smash my way through learning. I have no complains. Maybe some other reviewer got lemons I just don't see it. Good luck!
First time out at the driving range and the Driver suffered two dings in the bottom of the club head
"been using them for about a month. The bag is really well made the irons are pretty good I'm not going to say they're amazing but for something mass produced in China they're pretty good I love the way the 4h and 5h hit all golfers should have hybrids in their bags the 10.5 drive hits pretty good I'm getting about 250 yards out of it and a few 275 but I'm not a great golfer and these aren't made for great golfers.i love the P through 8 irons the 7 seems to be kinda weird 6 is great and the putter hits a bit on the soft side . I would definitely recommend going out and re gripping them because the grips they come with are terrible .
so my conclusion ...for the price of 179.99 you get a great stand up bag and 5 ok irons 1 ok putter 2 amazing hybrids and 1 pretty good jumbo driver and a 3 wood, it's an amazing deal. If you're just starting off for the first time this is the set for you if you're looking to upgrade from what ever you have now, get something else like a decent Ping or Callaway set used even"
Great set of beginner clubs. Don't know much about golf but really a great price and seem to be a solid product.
Runs shorter than normal, about 1/2 inch. 4 rounds in I have adjusted to using these. Very nice set for the price. I wish the bag had separators other than cloth.
Timothy L. Krogan "killzone"
It is a decent set for starters in the golf world, but not for the seasoned vet. Has what you need to play a round on the course but you surely won't be the best one out there with these clubs. The hybrids are good and the irons are okay, you might want to upgrade the driver and putter however
Nice set of clubs for the occasional and very bad golfer. Lightweight bag and decent variety of clubs will last a while. Tried them at the driving range and took a bit of getting used to, but eventually began to hit longer and straighter than usual!
This golf set is bringing a lot of joy to me and is just great.....I think it improved my game already.
"Bought this set as I'm just a novice, but I wanted a set ta grow w/. The irons are Stainless Steel so I know they'll be around for awhile. Has 1&3 wood, then 4&5 hybrid fairway drivers, 6-9 irons, Pitching wedge and putter.
The bag is a stand bag and the legs extend when you put the heel of the bag down. So far so good"
"The bag, hybrids, and irons all seem fine. I went to the range this past weekend and hit the driver maybe 20 times. There is now a huge dent on the head of the driver. I admit I am not a great golfer and a couple times I just dug right into the ground. But a driver should be better made than this. My brother has a driver from Callaway and he's a TERRIBLE player. That club can take some serious abuse. I can't imagine this driver lasting more than a round or two even for an advanced player. Attached are pictures for you to see.

But irons, hybrids, and bag all seem okay. It'll be hard to find a better deal for a complete set. Even if you had to buy a new driver."
This is a great set for the price. Only problem I had was the first time out my 7 iron broke under the grips. Customer service was great - sent me a new club right away no questions asked. Have used the clubs since with no problems. I have never hit the ball straighter! Great set for the money!
For a golfer who only plays for fun these are great. I dont take the game serious at all, my stroke sucks my slice is horrible and i lose on average at least 1 ball a hole ( i swear they turn invisible ). Im great at making divots, i stike these clubs into the ground on a regular basis, we golf every tuesday. So far have yet to see any signs of damage though. Im getting used to the oversized woods. Turns out happy gilmore style dont work so well with those. The putter is amazing i have to say. Thats the only part of golf im good at, all those years of putt putt payed of well. The bag itself is nice to. Back pack straps make it easy to carry. But i rent golf carts cause im lazy and hate to walk. went over a jump lost the clubs off the back and the bag was still perfect......
"First off, its amazing that you can get a bag and 10 clubs for $200! This is my first set of clubs a few months ago. I play every weekend and practice once or twice a week. I've recently bought nicer clubs, these are now for warm up and kept in the car. I kind of wish I had just went to goodwill, but at least with a new set everything is 'stock' and matched (lies/lofts/lengths.) The set comes well packaged, each club individually wrapped in the bag.

The bag is very functional (not a big fan of the color) and decently light. you'd probably need to spend $100 or more to get any more benefit. There isn't a convenient pocket for drinks if you carry (without sacrificing the two pockets for tees and other small items.) I replaced it with a sun mountain four 5 which is better in every way (but cost 2 benjamins)

The putter is fine, but as it is with all things personal in golf, you'd best be off to try every putter on the rack at a store. I was never accurate with the strata. I ended up with an Odyssey Dart ($100)

The irons seem to run half an inch short compared to mainstream TM / Callaway (what you'll see most often in golf stores.) They're forgiving to hit, but don't expect much spin or high trajectory. The 6i ended up getting bent (or was already bent) at the ferule where its joined to the club (there is an odd plastic insert.) It was the easiest club for me to hit and least chunked. The grips are rubber, a bit too thick and have ridges that gave me blisters and would tear up my gloves pretty fast. The red design in the grip would also wear off on my gloves. Not a fan.

The driver dented early on, right under the heel. I was really surprised because although I topped the ball, I am a very light swinger. I think its way too oversized for a beginner's driver. When I did hit it well, it went 250 yds. 3 wood was my favorite out of the set, really not bad (although a steel shaft.) The 4h and 5h I liked hitting off the fairway, but actually prefer an iron in the rough. Paint fill in the lettering on all the woods soles is already starting to come off."
"These aren't the greatest clubs but yet very durable and a great beginner set. I have used them multiple times and for my skill level are perfect. Wish it said somewhere on the clubs or bag that these are Callaways.
I definitely recommend this set to the occasional golfer looking to up their game."
I love them. Made in China, but for the price you're getting some pretty nice clubs and a nice bag. For the average golfer, these are perfect. I would recommend to anyone who wants to upgrade from an old set.
Awesome set for beginner golfers. The driver has a bit too much flex for my swing. But the irons and hybrids are excellent. Highly recommended for someone just starting out.
I am new to golf and still learning and occasionally hit the turf and one of the driver heads dented a little too easily for my taste and will be replacing it.
Didn't expect for it come flying off on my first use. Good thing it happened then... I was able to return it for full credit. Thanks amazon!
Driver is pretty easy to ding, but overall a great set for the price. Great for the average 2-3 time a month mediocre golfer. Solid clubs.
I purchased these golf clubs for my husband and he absolutely loves them. He took them golfing about a week after Christmas and did better than expected on the driving range and on the golf course. Not to say these golf clubs were the reason for that, but overall he was very happy with them. His friend is a golfer and assured him were a great set. Overall this set provides all the basics to get started, but what I loved the most were all the additional pockets and storage. The quality and overall look of the set is much nicer in person than in the photos. They were packaged well...and if you plan surprise someone with these, rest assure that they come in a plain white box, and while it is larger, it has no hint of what's inside. I would highly recommend this set as a gift, or for yourself, they're worth every penny. Also, I had no idea Strata was a Callaway brand, but it says so right on the box, so that was a nice bonus.
Picked this up after reading multiple reviews of the sets available online and seeing these were pretty friendly for new or returning players. As someone who hadn't played in over 15 years, this is exactly what I needed. The clubs are sturdy, the bag is great, and the cover has come in handy numerous times already. Another big bonus personally is the double shoulder strap for carrying, as someone who plans to get a lot of exercise in my golf and skipping carts, those straps are perfect. Clubs are standard length, I'm 5'4 and my friend who comes along to practice at the range with me is 5'11, all the clubs suit both our needs with very little adjustment required.
There is damage from a manufacturing fault on the face of the 5H club. Club head would likely crack after enough hits.
This is my first golf set, I wanted something that wasn't bought at wal-mart to start with. When I got this in the box, the box was very sleek in design. One out of the box, the golf set was amazing to look at! All the heads were wrapped for protection. I was very impressed at the quality look, I could definitely tell this wasn't a piece of junk. Haven't used them yet but they feel amazing just swinging in the back yard. Bag has big compartments for everything I need on the field and room to add more clubs. Clubs are heavy and feel really good in the hands. Looks like a professional set!
"I bought this set of golf clubs the other day, the delivery was fast and efficient, and when I took them out to play golf, I got a hole in one!!

I hoped they would last longer than that to be honest."
HAVEN'T HAD A CHANCE TO USE THEM YET BUT I WILL SAY I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO PLAYING IN THE SPRING AND ONCE I HAVE TRIED THEM OUT I WILL BE ABLE TO GIVE A BETTER REVIEW
Nice clubs for what I need.
"Part of what I was buying was the ""Callaway"" name.
The name ""Callaway"" doesn't appear anywhere on the product.
Everything is labeled ""Strata""."
Sweet Bench At first I was leery about buying this, due to the specs listed on amazon did not list a weight limit. I am 210lbs, and the bench has a max weight of 600 lbs. This to me means I can do max weight on bench press and not have to worry. It is super easy to put together and is solid welded construction. I have rubber floor mats in my garage, and there is not one bit of wobble. I never write reviews, but there were none for this so I hope this helps.
This flat bench is clean and simple, with a max weight much higher than that of similar competitors' products. In the manual that came inside the box, it specifically states a max weight of 600 lb (contrary to an incorrect review here that claims it is 300 lbs through some so-called "research" online, and actually never even bought the product!).
"I recently created a work out room in my spare bedroom and needed a good bench. I shopped around for a while before deciding on this one. So glad I did.

I am a 5'10"" female and weigh about 125lbs and I use it for both arms, abs and leg exercises. I have found it to be very sturdy. There is no rock or movement at all.

Its a good heavy piece of equiptment so Im guessing someone much heavier than I am could use it too (but no one but me has used it so I cant say for sure.)

Great buy!

ETA: I have had this bench almost a year now and it still looks as good as the day I assembled it. I even use it for a few pilates moves now too so its been a good bye.

As far as weight goes, I recently put up a 100lb heavy weight bag because Ive been doing some kickboxing. No one would help me hang it as they were all afraid of pulling down my wall so I did it myself. I was able to life the bag onto the bench and stand on it at the same time as I was attempting to mount it. So that was about 225lbs give or take. The bench held just as sturdy as if it was just me on it and didnt wobble at all. I bet I could have put another bag on there and seen no stress on it either. This is SUPER sturdy and could probably handle the weight of a pretty big guy.

As for dimensions, the ones listed are for the height of the bench plus the footprint. The actual dimensions of the padded bench are L: 43.5"" H:17 W: 12.5"" (11"" at the very ends.)"
"I previously owned a Cap Barbell Fitness FID Bench, which cost about $50, and it was awful. Every part was crooked, the build quality was just terrible. It wobbled like crazy. I was always worried it would break while I was under the bar, and I would be injured.

I was considering upgrading to either this bench for ~$100, or the Rogue flat bench for ~$200. I settled on this bench because of the price, knowing that it would not compare to the Rogue bench, but hopefully it would be better than the CAP bench, and good enough for me.

The result? Well, it's pretty much what I was hoping for. It's not bombproof like the Rogue, but it's much better than the CAP. The steel is about 3/32"", which is 13 gauge. Rogue is 11 gauge, which is a bit thicker. The plywood base of the cushion is 1/2"" plywood, while I think I recall the Rogue using 3/4"". The welds on the Adidas bench are not that great, and they only weld around two sides of the joints (instead of all four), which makes me slightly nervous, but I'm sure it's fine. The bench is rated to 600lbs, and I'm only 175lbs and I bench less than my body weight.
"
Settled on the Adidas after reviewing a number of options online. Not disappointed. Very substantial, well made and stable. Just using for workouts at home and think it is ideal. Heavy duty and easy to assemble. Recommend.
"This bench is great. It's solid as a rock, very stable, and it looks pretty sharp in my small home gym. The bench top has a thick, dense pad, which is ideal for the weight/strength/toning exercises that I like to do. The bench is also super easy to assemble - it took less than 15 minutes. One note: the legs are not padded on the bottom, so if you plan on using it on a wood floor, you'll want to get a plastic floor protector to keep it from scratching.

If you're a power-lifter, you'll obviously want to invest in a much more expensive bench, but if you're doing an average at-home workout, this bench will more than do the trick. At this price, you're not going to find a sturdier, better-made product.

(One last note: This bench supports up to 600 lbs, according to the manufacturer's two-year warranty included with the package. This includes a maximum of 300 lbs of body weight, plus an additional 300 lbs of free weights/equipment.)"
Its max load is 600lbs, I'm 511 170 and bench 245 this thing is rock solid. I was worried the pad would be too cushy, its not its nice and stiff like at commercial gyms. It was either this or the Rogue bench, i chose this and im glad i did. It saved me 100 bucks
the bench is a great product and very user friendly for me. I perform almost all my exercises on this perfect sized bench. It is solid and with enough firm padding to support my back! I am 5/4 tall and 140lbs. also this bench is not heavy to move around!!
Three qualities that I wanted in a weight bench: studiness, ample width, and adequate padding. The Adidas bench has all three. It was simple to assemble, light enough to move into position in my home gym, comfortable enough to complete the exercise reps and secure enough with its footing design to not wobble. Excellent product; excellent investment.
For the price this is a very nice bench. My only qualms about it was that I am using it indoors on wood floor, so you have to take that into consideration with reading this review. Most people would probably use this in the garage or matted floor. As such, for the indoor house I needed to wrap the stands feet with soft towels so as to not scratch the floor until I got a small mat to place it on. The only other qualm I had was that though it was easy to assemble, I got a slight defect in the hole at the bottom of the bench to screw in the legs so one bolt is not as secure as I would like. Even so it still is sturdy and would not hesitate to recommend it and using this seller was great.
For the money, you'd be hard pressed to find a more sturdy and durable bench. It easily holds my 198lb body plus 250lbs in free weight. The bench pad is comfortable too and it's held up well so far.
...the base and legs of this bench are basically "bullet proof", but the materials of the padding seem a little too soft. For example, when you put your knee or elbow on the bench, it will leave a deep dent on the padding, and stretches the material. With prolonged use, the stretching might become permanent but so far it still looks new. It's still one of the nicest home benches I have used. Don't hesitate to buy it!!
This bench was easy to assemble, seems sturdy, and works as needed. I searched for some time to find a bench that was not too tall; most are too high for me to sit on with my feet flat on the ground. If anything, this one is an inch or so short. Measure the height you need for the exercises you do! If you're short, this is a great bench. If you're tall, it might not work for you!
You can do so much with a simple flat bench. We do weight lifting, tricep dips, situps, leg raises...we have even figured out that if you wrap a band around one leg of the bench, you can do a full upper body band work out with this bench. Other benches have joints where you can elevate the head, lower the feet, etc...that just seems like a lot of extra work and loss of workout momentum. Stick to the basics. It is very useful and versatile!
"Look no further. This baby is rated to hold 600lbs of boxes, furniture, clothes, and other miscellaneous items you may have lying around the house.

Supposedly, you can also lie on it and lift heavy things over your head. I find the idea of physical exertion distasteful and have forwarded the identity of the person that made this suggestion to me to the appropriate authorities."
Easy to assemble. Solid construction. Good price. It is a little shorter than I would like, but overall happy with it.
I recently got My Addidas Bench on time with all the peices there. It was really annoying to assemble. The directions could have been clearer and it basically required 2 people to assemble it. I am happy with it in the end. Plz Note a Flat Head ajustable wrench is nessessary for assembly.
I am 6"4 and 283 lbs., and this bench is solid, it is obviously very good quality, I would recommend this bench to larger than average guys, who dont want to have to worry about the thing falling apart on them in the middle of a work out..
Very sturdy construction. Excellent product for barbell exercises and such. Easy to assemble and light enough to move around if you need to make space.
Item was delivered as advertised, on time and in good condition. Bench is more than adequate for home use. Padding is satisfactory. The assembly instructions could be a little clearer, but it eventually was built and appears sturdy.
Great bench at an awesome price. Very stable and works in the small cage I have. My old bench was much longer, but this has plenty of length to support me at 6'1" and is easy to move out of the way. Putting it together took about 5 minutes and I was lifting on it. I love that it does NOT have incline/decline because all those benches seem much less stable and when you are lifting heavy, you want stability.
Very comfortable, sturdy, and easy to assemble - everything you want in a workout bench. Also got a good deal on Amazon.
I do like this bench, however, I wish it was a tad longer. Im not tall, 5 foot 5 inches, and can imagine if you were much taller, you wouldn't really like this bench due to the short length.
Tim McGonagleThe bench is working great and was just what I needed. It is light and is easy to move in and out of my power rack. It is long enough also to do all the exercises and stretching we need to do with a bench.
perfect size for a 6 2 male or 5 8 female to use for using dumbbells at home without taking up too much space
Easy to put together. Solid in structure. Really nice looking. I bench 250-275 and I weigh 200. The bench felt very sturdy even with 475 lbs. great buy.
"Very easy to assemble and the hardware fit was perfect.
The bench is sturdy, padded seat is ample wide and both my wife and I fit comfortably using free weights. It was a very good purchase to use both in the home and on the outside deck."
this bench only took 20 minutes to assemble and it is as strong as an ox.. this is the Acura of workout benches.. Well built, sleek, versatile, and dependable. This bench can withstand a tremendous amount of weight. I would recommend this product to any one seeking another workout bench.
Good enough bench but the sewing of the trim around he surface is like the stitch on a bag of dog food. Pull on it and it unravels. It came partly unravelled out of the package. I used good old duct tape on the end so it hardly looks new. Again, it is only a bench, but one not worthy of the "Adidas" name.
Perfect for your everyday workout. It is simple and affordable and does the job for your usual bench press. However, it is a little short if your height is above 6 feet (I am 5 foot 11) and my upper body takes up the whole length of the bench so be wary!
This flat bench is very sturdy and made to last. I am 5'11" 250 lbs, and this is perfect for my dumbbell workouts. It only took about 10 minutes to put together, and an Allen wrench is included for your convenience. This would pare up perfectly with the Adidas weight bench on amazon if you had the extra 300 dollars, and wanted a stylish home gym. I was never a big Adidas guy until I bought the springblade shoes, and they have had a kind of halo effect for me once I realized the quality, and appreciated the time this company spends on research and development. The only downside to this bench that comes to mind is-it's made in China.... But what isn't? For under a hundred dollars, you're not going to find a better flat bench.
I bought this to keep outside as that is where I do my training. It holds up incredibly well. I did wrap the padding portion in visqueen to help product the top portion from the elements and that has worked great so far. I also periodically spray the bolts with WD-40 to prevent rust. This is a very stable bench. I am about 200lbs and use 120lb dumbells for presses on this bench and it easily supports that weight with plenty stabiilty. I have also done rack pulls using the bench as a sort of rack with over 400lbs and, once again, it supports the weight without any issues. The bench is rated at 600lb capacity, so don't be afraid to go heavy on it. I would definitely recommend this bench to a friend.
For the money, you can't beat this bench. Goes together very easy. Simple actually. it is a great design. It is not only a great utility bench, the width of the legs on the bottom allows you to do dips (from the sides or the ends) and it will not turn over. It also works great as a bench press base if you have a separate bench rack. I'm about 225 and at no time have I ever felt like it would not support me 100%. I use this for many different exercises. Very good to have around in a home gym. Should have ordered two of them. Tom
I really like this bench! It's big enough that I can use it for almost everything and small enough I can stash it in my closet. It's no fault of the product itself, but being 6'1 I do wish the bench was a little longer because I hang off the edge just a little more than I'd like. I also wish it was just a little bit taller for things like stepping up. However, it probably wouldn't fit in my closet then. Can't win all the time!
"When it comes to Amazon Prime, I always find the cheapest item with the best reviews and trust that I wont regret that purchase. This item is exactly what i was hoping for. I call products like this: Amazonian Gold.

Im not a sport-o-sports-guy, i just wanted a lightweight bench i could move around the living room to lift some weights on. This delivered. Easy to install, very light weight, plastic shoe caps so it doesn't leave metal exposed, safe around children."
"Overall great product. Good padding, perfect height for me (I'm 5'4""), and sturdy.
The only problem my husband and I had with it was the bolts that hold the ""seat"" to the main support were not machined properly and the nuts would not tighten all the way. Instead of waiting for customer service to send another (hopefully better) set of nuts and bolts we went out to the local hardware store and purchased a new set of nuts and bolts for $3."
Nice solid, strong bench. No wiggling or wobbling at all, should last a long time. Super easy to put together, they even include two hex wrenchs. You'll need to have an adjustable wrench or the correct size socket/box-end wrench. Just an FYI, when installing the included brackets, the oval shaped hole will be the one that connects to the bench top. The round shaped hole connects directly to the frame. Everything else is self explanatory.
This bench is lightweight but deceptively sturdy, and should do will for anyone less than an advanced powerlifter. The seat seems to be thin plywood with a foam pad, covered in vinyl. The whole thing is assembled in 10 minutes using the two allen keys which are included (awsome!). One of the shorter screws on my unit came with the head filled in an apparent casting error. I just tightened it with pliers an it hasn't been a problem.
Love this bench. It's not too big, and fits perfectly in my small one bedroom apartment living room without being an eye sore. I'm 5'4 and it's the perfect length. If it were a bit longer, it would be a welcomed luxury, but I lift weights just fine as it currently is. VERY easy to assemble, and I hate assembling things; so, there's that. Saves me time, and I can do a quick workout on it if I don't have time to drive to the gym.
GOOD AND STRONG WITH NO WIGGLE OR WOBBLE. GREAT LOOKING AND COVERING FEELS BETTER THAN IT LOOKS. PAINTED WELL AND I'M GLAD I GOT IT. PERFECT FOR ME AT UNDER 180 LBS.. WELL WORTH THE MONEY.. TAKES A LITTLE WHILE TO UNBOX AND THEN ASSEMBLE, THEN YOU'RE READY TO TRAIN...
the surface feel good and it's very solid with max capacity of 600 lbs. however, one of the leg have a gap in the welding joint causing it not fully flat and always wobble a little. Since it's too much trouble to package and ship back and for the price it's really good enough so I kept it. I just attach a trim to level it and hope the welding gap will not break someday with heavy weight.
I've used this bench for over a month and it seems to be a solid piece of equipment. Nothing has come unraveled. The platform is free of rattles and flimsy parts. It's non-adjustable which is the way I want it because this was a weak link in the last bench I owned. I can do all the exercises I want on it including sit ups and bar bells. The weight is enough to provide a firm support but light enough to move against the wall when I'm through working out. Against the wall it is still useful for things like sitting down to tie my shoes. I didn't give it five stars because I just don't think a utilitarian piece of furniture is lovable.
Comfortable weight bench. Easy to assemble and arrived quickly.
The reason I rated this bench so high, as well as the reason I purchased it, was that it is a solid, sturdy bench that may cost slightly more than other benches, but is well worth the price. It was easy to assemble and, once assembled, looks nice. When used, it has sufficient cushion, is wide enough to support my 6 ft., 200 lb. frame, and allows me to run through my exercises with ease. It does have an upper weight limit, however, I doubt most home gyms would exceed that. I highly recommend the Adidas flat bench.
Delivery was ridiculously quick ONE day, assembling the bench was stupid easy. Low profile bench. I'm 5,10 the bench length was just right and a little more so if you're 6'0+ it may be a issue. Other then that I'm satisfied with the product. The mat is nice and thick firm too. Good beginners bench for the price.
I have not yet unpacked this bench and put it together. I did appreciate the price of the bench, and it appears to be of good quality.
Don't be fooled by all the reviews claiming this is an excellent quality work bench and easy to put together. Granted, I am a bit of a dummy when it comes to putting things like this together, but if you are too this is not easy to put together and the directions are useless. Also, some of the screw holes were not big enough for the actual screws.
As it says in the summary, this Adidas Flat Bench is sturdy, sleek, and has a great price. The only disadvantage I can think of is that it could be a bit longer. I'm not very tall (I'm only 5'11") and the bench sometimes feels like it's a little short. I imagine someone taller than me would need a longer bench. Even with that one disadvantage, I am still very satisfied with it.
Love the bench and it's solid as a rock. I would have given it 5 stars, but during assembly I found that I was short one bolt that was missing from the packaging. Luckily I had plenty of spares or that would have been a show stopper. Make sure you verify your parts list before you begin assembly.
Probably better than most. It's made in China so the welds look like they were done by an unskilled factory worker. It was a bit wobbly out of the box but sits nicely once everything was tightened up.
I am 6'2", normally proportioned, and when I go to lean back on this bench to bench press -- even after scooting my rear end all the way to the edge -- my head hangs off the end. Not fun when you have 70 pounds in each hand! So it's then an odd contorting / sliding motion to reposition my back and neck... and a couple of days ago I really banged up my anterior deltoid while doing it. So for anyone with a bit of height I'd pay up for one that's a little longer. I'm getting rid of mine asap.
One the one hand, I'm really happy with this bench. It was easy to assemble and is rugged. No loose parts or shaking. And it was $100 shipped. On the other hand, it's just a bench and cost $100.
Beware of stock purchased directly from Amazon. Complete knockoffs. I have uploaded pictures of the doll received today. I am not sure it would be allowed to be posted. The one on the left was from the order received today which clearly is not Mattel. The one on the right was from an order received 2 weeks ago. Both purchased directly from Amazon.
Of course my daughter wanted this doll for her birthday. When it arrived I noticed the doll we received is not the doll shown in the picture. Paid $58.98 for a crappy knock off doll.
"Feel like I won the lottery!! Avoid knock-offs and price gougers by buying from Amazon.com, not a third-party seller It's so hard to find Elsa and Frozen merchandise that isn't a knock-off or that isn't marked up 3 or 4 x the original price!

Moms and dads - here's what you need to do to avoid those knock-offs and make sure you pay the suggested retail price: go to Amazon, and type in ""Elsa Amazon.com"" and this will ensure that your results are from Amazon.com, and not a third-party seller. Amazon.com sells all the products at the manufacturer's suggested retail price (or lower), and they are genuine. It took me several tries (over different days) before Amazon.com finally had some of these dolls in stock. They were gone pretty quickly, and after they were sold out, all that was left were the dolls from the third-party sellers. Have patience - you never know when Amazon will get a shipment from the manufacturer.

Based on reviews, it seems there's a substantial risk that the third-party sellers are either offering cheap knock-offs or they are the mean people who snap up all the Frozen merchandise at the toy store (or on Amazon) and then turn around and re-sell them on Amazon for crazy prices. Let's all boycott these meanies!

When I finally got this doll (genuine, from Mattel) at the normal price, I felt like I won the lottery. Elsa's dress does not have sleeves or bodice (instead they are painted on her arms and body) but she is beautiful for the price (just under fifteen bucks). Her face is beautifully painted and her hair and clothes were immaculate. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Elsa's shoes actually fit, and stay on. Overall, I am so happy I was able to give this to my three-year-old daughter without having spent a fortune."
Poor Quality Doll, Very, VERY disappointed in the quality. The doll is a barbie knock-off, the outfit did not even meet together in the back, and the hair kept falling out. The hair is shown braided in the description but when it arrived the hair was not braided and was a mess. I don't know how this seller or Amazon could sell this Elsa Doll as a disney product, I have purchased many items from Amazon and this is my first disappointment. The quality certainly did not equal the price!!
Cheap knockoff doll, not the real doll!, I got this when it was over $40, it arrived, and is a cheap knockoff doll, not the real one as pictured. Beware!!
Bad Knock Off, Extremely disappointed when I received the product only to realize this was not even the product that was shown when I purchased. The box was even fake - called Bambin Elsa. Very disappointed that Amazon would support this type of overseas product piracy.
This is a fake Elsa doll!!!! Don't buy this doll! It looks nothing like the picture and is clearly a knock off made in China! Amazon should be embarrassed! The packaging is in another language, the doll has a blue streak in her hear, no crown, and nowhere does it even say Disney or Mattel! The box states "Bambino Anna" and "Fashion Frozen". You're not getting the true Frozen Elsa Mattel doll! It's cheap and poorly made! Not worth anything! I guess my daughter will be very disappointed on her birthday!!
NOT Mattel...NOT doll shown on website,  I ordered this for my daughter's birthday and it was fulfilled by Amazon. I received it in the mail this morning and it is NOT by Mattel, nor does it even resemble the Elsa doll being advertised on the website. I have been a loyal Amazon customer for years and buy thousands of dollars through them every year. They never disappoint and their customer service is always top notch...but I was completely disappointed and upset by this. I contacted customer service to see if they would exchange the doll I received for the doll listed on the website, but I was informed that since it had "sold out" through Amazon and was now only available through third party sellers they could not exchange it for me. I will be returning for a refund and looking for this Elsa doll elsewhere.
"THIS IS A TOTAL RIP-OFF Be forewarned. I thought I was lucky when I logged on and found ""Mattel"" offering a Frozen Elsa doll for the regular price it would normally be. I thought, hey, maybe they're coming back in stock and it was just a ""right place, right time"" situation. Boy was I wrong. DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT. Maybe you'll get a good doll, maybe you'll get the one I did, which is not what is depicted or described here.

Description: The long blue skirt stops just above the floor to provide a peek at her translucent blue heels. A sheer white overcoat detailed with snowflake sparkles completes the sophisticated look, while her flowing blond hair, pulled into a side braid and topped with a translucent, glittery blue tiara is the perfect final touch. My doll has weird red shoes, not ""translucent blue heels."" My doll has a blue sheer overcoat, not white one. And her ""white flowing blonde hair"" is not in a braid, it's messy, with a blue stripe in it, which must be there to make up for the fact that she doesn't have a blue tiara.

Of course, maybe the real confusion comes from the fact that I've ordered a Disney Frozen Sparkle Princess Elsa doll and was shipped a ""Bambin Anna.""

Additionally, her legs don't look like real doll legs, but instead some cheap version you'd pick up at the dollar store. Look, I get that there's a need to create crappy duplicates during this Frozen craze, but it's unethical and just plain poor business to depict it as the real thing. I will be returning and I really, strongly recommend you all avoid this terrible misrepresentation of the product. I will be adding pictures of the product I received as well."
Great doll Perfect doll for a 3 year old Frozen fan. the top and skirt are easily removed and put back on by little fingers. The bodice is painted on and though some don't like the feature, I love it. Elsa turns into a mermaid and a gymnast and whatever else a little mind can dream up. The doll is quality built, and the crown and hair has stayed put since we purchased it.
The current fad, Frozen, what can I say our grandchildren are everything Frozen from the characters to the movie and the music, So I say "Let it Go" the cash will bring the smiles.
Elsa is wonderful!,  My daughter loved it! It's all she asked for for her birthday and Amazon was the only place I could get it. Great service and easy to use.
Happy with it!, My daughter loves her, it was for her 5th birthday and she loves Elsa. I used this doll in her birthday cake and it was perfect.
Not like pictured,  I was so excited when I found Elsa in stock somewhere, but the doll I got was nothing like what was pictured. It was a cheap knock off and my daughter and I were very disappointed. Don't waste your money.
Not a Diney product! Item was not a Disney product! On the front of the box above Elsa it said Frozen not Disney. Also the writing on the back was not in English.
nice The dress is painted on except for the "cape" and skirt. the rest of the dolls clothes are painted. the crown comes off too
Poor quality,  The cloth used for her gown is of low quality, its not even properly sewn. My daughter who is very careful in handling her toys complained that after few plays, gowns already starting to fall apart.
"Beware - knock-off doll, I ordered the Disney Frozen Sparkle Elsa Doll, but I received a ""Fashion Frozen Bambin Elsa"" Doll which is a cheap, creepy looking imitation.
This was to be a gift for my 3yr old daughters birthday. What a huge disappointment. I am very angry and would like the CORRECT item I ordered!
The Amazon website states this item is out of stock and I was unable to process a refund. I usually am very happy with Amazon, but this has made me quite upset."
FAKE...DON'T BUY, I received this item yesterday as a gift for a real Elsa (who is blond and from Norway). The package was for a "fashion Frozen" and marked "Anna". The doll was cheap looking (no better than a dollar store doll) and the packaging substandard and written in poor english. I purchased this item from Amazon.com LLC (and paid more money) then the cheaper versions that were "fulfilled by Amazon" or on Ebay because I thought I was not going to get a fake product. I was wrong. I don't know if the positive reviewers received the real deal and I just got "lucky" or if they all are this way.
Cheaper quality, but OK, I am a bit disappointed with this doll. It looks very cheap. The dress is painted on the doll, except for the skirt. I will be buying the one from the disney store instead because it has a nice dress and better quality. My daughter probably wouldn't care, since she loved the movie so much.
"i think Amazon has plugged the fakes, Not sure how Amazon itself got a boatload of fakes, but they seemed to have corrected the problem. I purchased two and they were the correct real deal Mattel Disney Elsa dolls. My daughter is thrilled.

Amazon will always take anything back, no questions asked, esp in a case like this.

If you want to complain, send an email to Jeff@Amazon.com.ever since they let Chinese based sellers sell direct on Amazon.com starting last summer, Amazon has been playing an endless game of whackamole with fake and unlicensed merchandise. If they banned those sellers, and took comingled inventory out of fba, 95% of Amazon counterfeiting problems would evaporate. Every stickered item can be tied to the seller who sent it in to fba. It's only the stickerless comingled stuff that leads to spectacular fails like this one. Hoping they learned something from this debacle."
Knock Off Doll! I don't blame Amazon fully for this. In trying to keep up with orders, Mattel outsourced to China, who sent really bad knockoffs. This doll is terrible. When I called to complain, the rep said they have been pulled from circulation and I received a full refund (which was great!). But didn't anyone check these before sending them out? Or did they think we wouldn't notice? Shame on all of them! Now I'm back to square one...no doll. :(
Item sent was not what was pictured. Fraud?,  We were deeply disappointed with the company and the product that was shipped. The Elsa doll that we received din't appear anything like the item we ordered. The legs, the eyes, the head shape, the dress, and the sleeves are not the same as pictured on the website. It even appeared to be fraudulent doll; it didn't appear to be an authentic Mattel Elsa Doll. I would never purchase from this company again.
 Total garbage!, This doll is complete crap and probably could have been bought at a dollar store. It is definitely not from Disney and I am SO angry right now. It doesn't even look like Elsa and even the box isn't what is in the pictures on Amazon. What I received is a complete misrepresentation of what I thought I was getting.
"KNOCKOFF DOLL FROM CHINA Huge disappointment! I received a cheap, creepy and fake china doll. The imitation is so bad that even the box said Bambin Anna.
I asked for an instant refund. The advertised picture is a beautiful Mattel doll, this one has no braid, no crown and the dress is a disaster. My daughter cried and yelled but I'll teach her the benefit of patience."
Beware: China knock-off!!! I did not receive the Disney Frozen Sparkle Princess Elsa Doll, by Mattel. I received a doll resembling Elsa, but with blue streaked hair and red shoes, packaged in a box that said, "Bambin Anna, by Fashion" and made in China! I expected something like this on eBay, but not Amazon! Clearly false advertising, beware!
Cheap Doll NOT by Mattel, This is a very cheap imitation by "Fashion Frozen" made in China. Not by Mattel as advertised. It is not the doll in the picture! There was actually a twisty tie belt on the dress. On the box it said "Bambin Anna" not even Elsa! Very Very disappointed in this product and I am sending it back for a full refund.
"Cheap Knockoff My wife and I were shocked by the low quality of this product. I don't believe it is made by Mattel or licensed by Disney. And if that's the case, I can't understand why Amazon.com LLC is fulfilling orders with this product. The product page even says, ""Sold by Amazon.com LLC.""

Of course, my three year old loved it at first sight. By the end of the day however, the dress was coming apart and the legs broke off the torso (cracked plastic). I've never know her to break a doll before. The material quality is terrible.

Unless you want a very disappointed kid, don't buy this."
Nice doll...if you can get your hands on an "authentic" one (and a note about 3rd party sales), I ordered mine from Amazon during one of the brief moments when they were actually in stock. I was pretty nervous about what I would actually get given all the reviews about "Bambina Anna" and other knock-off horrors. The one I got was the real deal (mine arrived on May 14th, btw....the "fakes" seem to go out in batches). Exactly as pictured, and made by Mattel. Really nice doll for the money. NOT as nice as the classic Elsa doll from the Disney store, but apparently, those are even more difficult to get your hands on. Luckily, I was able to get one from the Disney Store online, so I no longer had need for this Mattel doll. I ended up selling my "extra" on Amazon, but just so you folks are aware, there are a lot of fees associated with posting and selling here, and the shipping credit is never really enough to cover your shipping, which is why the dolls are selling for much more than retail. At any rate, if you don't want to pay the price difference, then don't buy the doll. But please don't assume 3rd party sellers are automatically scalping consumers. Of course, buy from Amazon directly if at all possible since their customer service is awesome and they will credit or refund you if you get a fake product. However, if Amazon continues to be regularly out of stock, confirm with the third-party seller that what they're selling you is indeed the officially licensed Disney product made by Mattel, and of course, a history of good feedback is a promising sign. Hope this helps. Good luck!
NOT Mattel's Elsa, AVOID this cheap knock-off!,  I'm furious! What a rip-off! It looks nothing like the picture and is NOT the official doll from Mattel. Amazon, shame on you. The You're not getting the true Frozen Elsa Mattel doll! It's cheap and poorly made! Returning this immediately. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS DOLL!
Great Doll. This toy exceeds the expectation of my 6 yr. old niece. She loves it and plays with it all the time.
"Don't be Fooled! Check your Elsa Doll Carefully! I purchased what I thought was the Mattel Elsa doll from Amazon.com for right around $40. Yes, the price was high, but given the limited availability of this stuff, I thought this was pretty cheap all things considered. I received the doll today. She looked frumpy, looked as if her face was painted and rescuplted (is that possible?) and the biggest thing was she didn't have shoes!

I considered keeping the doll, because of the limited quanities, my four year old wouldn't care, and because I was afraid I couldn't get the right doll before her birthday in a couple of weeks. Fortunately, Amazon is refunding my money and the $14.99 Mattel doll is available (amazing).
Although I thought the seller was amazon.com turns out it as aquadulze. Be wary if this seller pops up claiming to have the dolls in stock!

With the savings from the refund, I was able to purchase her a few more Frozen things in addition to the doll. Overall a win-win experience -- provided I get the right doll next week!"
BEWARE! KNOCK-OFF! After stalking this doll all summer I was thrilled when it was finally in stock again. However, I quickly became disappointed when it arrived and I opened the box. The doll I was sent was clearly a knock-off and the names Mattel or Disney could not be found anywhere on the packaging. (Although the word "Fashion" was cleverly written above "Elsa" in the distinct Disney script.) The doll didn't even look right... it had a large face/head with large, almost anime eyes and even a huge blue streak through Elsa's hair. I didn't open the box but could see that the clothes appeared shoddily made. I am a huge Amazon fan and probably purchase things weekly from them. Firstly, I was shocked to have received something so poorly constructed but mostly that they were selling knock-offs as the real deal. (The site listed this as a Mattel item.) I ended up buying an authentic Mattel Elsa doll at WalMart for $15.
This is not an officially licensed product, I was led to believe by the picture and description that this was an officially licensed doll made by Matell. This doll is made in China and is clearly a knock off.
"Replica Doll !!,  It is not from Mattel !!! the brand name is ""Fashion Disney "" !! This is fraud !!
I wish i can send a picture of what i have received ! i must my money back"
I didn't get the real deal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,  The doll looks cute in the box; but I didn't take it out of box because it's a fake. The doll has blonde and blue hair, the sides of hair are pulled up a small light curl on left side; and looks like some of the loose hair is shorter. The right side has a light curl going very thin to waistline. The dress is pretty blue-green color with swirls. A small upper part is a bit shiny. Front of box says 'Fashion Frozen' and "Bambin Anna" 3+. It's made in china and says" tested by international standards". It was sold to me by "Toys UP". I'm so glad Amazon did right in going to talk to seller and getting the real deal Disney Frozen Elsa Toddler doll in time for my granddaughter's birthday. Only buy from amazon beware of other sellers. This is the first time ever that a "seller'' did me and my granddaughter wrong. 
Horrible I have never bought anything from Amazon that was as such poor quality as this doll! There is a hole in the nose, a twist tie was used as a belt and the back of the dress isn't even sewed all the way up. Completely ridiculous that someone would even ship this to anyone. Very very disappointed!!
Buyer beware,  The product description says that this is a Mattel doll, but that is not what I received. The doll is a poorly made, cheap, dollar-store quality knock off. I will be returning it and hope that I get a refund. This will be my last purchase from Amazon!
do not buy Not Evan close to what amazon shows you. The doll is cheap with blue streaks in her hair. The dress is falling apart and hasn't Evan been open yet. Do not but this cheaply made doll as is cheaply made I have seen better dolls at the dollar store
Fake Doll!!, I bought this doll directly from Amazon, not a 3rd party and I cannot believe Amazon! I was sent a fake doll! Fashion Frozen! Very upset and disappointed that Amazon has let this happen. When I ordered it, I assumed that it would be the Disney Mattel Doll as stated. This should not be happening with products bought directly from Amazon. Really makes me think twice about shopping through them now. They have made no attempt to make this right. At. All. My 4 year old is scared of the doll that they sent. Unacceptable Amazon, shame on you!
NOT WHAT IS PICTURED!!! The doll that was shipped to me was NOT the doll pictured...it was the cheap, knock-off that looked like that one's I've seen as advertised as "from China" or "from Hong Kong." This picture was a great misrepresentation of the product I received! I am returning for a full refund immediately.
Disappointing! So disappointing! The pictures show Elsa with a crown, braided blonde hair, and blue shoes. The doll I received didn't have a crown, or a braid. She did have an ugly blue streak in her messy hair. Her shoes were ugly and RED. The dress looks similar to the pictures, but not exact, and it looks poorly sewn. The box shown says DISNEY Frozen and Elsa of Arendelle. The box my doll came in said "FASHION Frozen" and "Bambin Anna." I'm returning this and buying it so
JUNK! Not made my Mattel. CHEAP imitation made in CHINA. Don't waste your time or money. Not a happy customer that I now have to lose more money shipping it back.
Horrible! Do not purchase The product I got was a completely different doll in a knock off box with Arabic writing on it. Really pissed considering I paid 2-3 times the retail price due to it being sold out everywhere. This was a gift form my niece's birthday and now I have to get something different. This is not a matell or Disney product. Also, I am having troubles returning this piece of junk. Do yourself a favor and don't purchase this. I would leave 0 stars if it were an option.
Not a Disney Product! Not a Disney Product!
"One real and ONE TOTAL KNOCKOFF! I was able to buy the Elsa doll when Amazon.com was selling them for $14.99 plus $5.00 shipping to Canada. What a deal! No need to pay the outrageously high prices of resellers and it arrived in perfect condition within 6 days! My daughter totally loves this movie and this doll is perfect!

SCRRRRRRRAAAAAATTTTTTCCCCCHHHH THAT!

Okay - so I just got the second order of an Elsa doll and like others, I got a knock-off! What the heck! And like others, I'm totally disappointed and shocked that Amazon would sell this inferior product as a Mattel product. I'm trying to get my order fixed but seeing as it's a popular item and maybe Amazon doesn't even know when they are sending out knock-offs so who knows what I'll get. Hope others start getting the Elsas they are supposed to be getting!"
Did NOT receive Mattel product, The product that came in the mail was not as pictured. The so-called "brand-name" is Fashion Frozen Bambin Anna, NOT Mattel. I'm disappointed because it looks nothing like what was displayed when I purchased it. The clothing is much cheaper looking. I'm really disappointed. I spoke with customer service and they gave me a partial refund as well as a promo credit. (My daughter's birthday is tomorrow, otherwise I would have returned it!)
Great doll., Great doll! My daughter received this Christmas and she loves it. She has already played with both dolls and they seem well made.
not the actual Frozen doll, The doll came with red shoes. The back of the head was bald.....and was not a product of Disney ...very dissapointed
Total hideous knock off This doll is not a Disney Sparkle doll AT ALL... The box that I received was called "Fashion Frozen" and was so shoddy that this thing went back immediately. When my 6 yr tells me to send it back - that's a problem. We were so anxiously awaiting her arrival so it was a real letdown when she came. Do not buy this doll - it is THAT bad. The dress was barely sewn and there are about 4 strands of hair on this dolls head. Her shoes are red, for crying out loud! He dress is a mess of netting that is slapped together. The hair just lines the hairline, no hair in the middle.... What you get is absolutely NOT what is showed in the picture - not even close.
Warning! Scammers!! Knock off doll! It's called Fashion Frozen Bambin Anna. They didn't even get the name right! She's got a blue streak in her hair and no braid no crown. And her head fell off the day my daughter played with her. I have reported these people to Amazon and I cannot believe they have not removed them. DO NOT BUY THIS DOLL!
Knock off! I rarely write reviews, however this product warranted one. If I could give zero stars, I would. Just opened the box to find an awful knockoff of the Disney Frozen Elsa doll. Just like the other reviewers, I received this doll in a box that states "Bambin Anna" and "Fashion Frozen". It is not a Disney nor Mattel product. The doll I received is not the doll pictured on Amazon. It is a plastic hot mess - very cheap looking! Complete disappointment. Shame on this seller for misleading consumers. This doll will be returned immediately!
"I got counterfeit doll BEWARE, Amazon has shipped some counterfeit dolls.
If you get a doll that does NOT say Disney Frozen, but says Fashion Frozen, it is a counterfeit.
Amazon is aware of the issue, and you will need to call them for a replacement. Of course you will have to WAIT for the real doll to be back in stock."
Fake, The doll is a complete counterfeit. I keep trying to order one and it won't let me. I can't believe that they would allow something like this to happen. The doll is mostly bald and it's legs don't even fit on the body. And the body itself is a thin hollow plastic. Don't waste your money on this. I got my money back and they issued a credit that can't even be used unless its something "Amazon sold" It has been a pain in the butt more than anything. All we want is the doll !!
"Works how it's suppose too, son loves it., My 7 year old picked this out to use his gift cards from his birthday on. I was skeptical, I thought it was a lot for what it appeared to be. I guess I still think that to an extent, however my son LOVES it. He has literally not put it down in three days! It appears to be pretty sturdily made and has come through what I estimate to be 1000 transformations so far, in good working order.
A lot of the transformer toys can be tricky for kids, both my boys have had some that just frustrated them. He loves that he can do this easily himself. He also loves that he can transform it quickly so that it is more like the cartoons and movies with the car launching in the air and landing as a robot. Bottom line, I do think 29.99 he paid for it was a bit steep but it is a toy that seems to be well made that my kid loves to play with so that a win in my book."
Easy 1-2-3 Transforms from Bumblebee to Car!, SEE CUTOMER IMAGES FOR PICS! My toy tester is 4.5 years old and was able to transform Bumblebee 1-2-3 into a car! I like that it is durable and fun. The manufacturers recommended age is 5 and up. I have a video of to upload of the transformation! Hoping to upload shortly! Won't allow me via mobile! The only negative is the price tag. I'm sorry, but the $29.99 retail for a transforming action figure is still high to me, but seems worth it!
Disappointed little boy, What a piece of junk! Not even 5 min out of the box and with me trying it first (before my 5 year old) it's broken. The thing doesn't line up to make the car. I even banged/ scraped up my fingers in the sharp plastic, because other parts close up simultaneously and it doesn't show you where to hold it. I consider myself pretty handy and able to figure out how things work easily. I made sure I had everything positioned right to show my son, so he wouldn't break it. Maybe someone dropped this one before we got it, but it's surely not worth the 4 stars it has been rated. 
"Nice Bumblebee with lots of play value., One step Transformers are a direct response to many people feeling that much of the joy of brand was lost when the toys got very complicated, the peak being the figures released as part of the Revenge of the Fallen movie line. What Hasbro has tried to do with this new line, 1-Step, is to get kids back to playing with the toys in both modes. That is, to easily go from one form to the other just like they do in the shows and movies without having to stop everything just so Bumblebee can go from car to robot or vice versa. Is it successful?

Well, my 6yo son loves this guy. He said it was his favorite Transformer. Admittedly, he said that about the last one he got, AoE Leader Class Optimus Prime. His reasons for loving this guy were the fact that it easily goes from mode to mode, is large, is a loved character, and includes a projectile weapon. So chalk up a win for Hasbro with this figure in terms of play value.

So why only 4 stars? In describing why he loved him to me he mentioned that Bee wasn't dead simple to transform. In fact you need to line his arms up just so, that is, they need to be hanging down at his sides before transforming him. And this can require a little fidgeting to line up, unlike the Rescue Bot line which is even simpler. Also, my issues are that Bee's leg proportions are just off and legs and neck articulation could have been better. (No neck rotation, really?).

Still, the fact that he comes with firing weapon and has any arm articulation at all seems like an improvement over the smaller Bee figure which other reviewers say isn't very robust. And this figure is very robust; I've already dropped him without any negative side effects. Lastly, he rolls pretty well even though he has clipped and not pinned wheels.

Summary.
If your child loves Transformers, wants to have a figure that lets him go back and forth from car to robot pretty easily and enjoys larger figures, this is a recommended toy. More so if they're a Bumblebee fan. And as for larger figures, there is a ton more play value here than those giant non-transforming statues."
BUYERS BEWARE (we did NOT purchase through Amazon), I did NOT buy this item through Amazon ...But I do feel customers everywhere should be warned ...We purchased this item one week ago ... Gave it to our grandson the night before last ... Within two hours one of the wheels fell off ... Within three hours the two rear wheels fell off ...They are only held in by small plastic like clips attached to the inside of the wheels ... This was originally purchased for Christmas ... We decided to give it early for excellent behavior (we are raising our grandson he's 6yrs old) He sobbed ... We took the first one back and he insisted he still wanted another ...We did an even exchange ...We exchanged this item yesterday a day later ... This morning one of the wheels fell off ... Not sure what we will do, as our grandson although very upset, asked that he is able to keep it anyway ...Had we given this item to him like we originally planned for Christmas, we would not have even been able to get an even exchange because to much time would have passed ...Considering we paid $29.99 for this item, we feel it is a total a waist of money... Buyers BEWARE!
don't buy,  Does not transform easily at all. In fact I had tremendous difficulty as an adult, so my child doesn't even attempt to play with it.
"A Bumblebee for younger children who struggle with complex transformations, My 6 year old son was very happy to get this as he loves Bumblebee and the Transformers TV series (and he's seen some of the movies). My kids were a little frustrated at trying to get this to transform - it wasn't an easy one step. I taught them how to put the arms just right as it shows in the pamphlet, but it still takes some jiggering to snap together (lining up a pin and getting it into the hole takes some jiggling). We can't just hold the leg and flip. I am wondering if some Bumblebees are just constructed a little better and all it really does take is a flip to get it into each mode. Even when the legs come up and together and the breastplate turns into the car hood, the hood doesn't stay on well. We will keep practicing putting the arms the right way as this is the key to successful flipping.

The plastic is thick and rigid and it feels very hardy. He's had a few drops and ""no it's mine"" pulls but Bumblebee has been fine.

Note that he's orange - very strange. It was enough to throw my kids off, and my son asked me why he's orange if he's Bumblebee. I think he thinks mom's trying to pull a fast one!

It's large, 10', and when it's in car form my Bumblebee isn't exactly a smooth rider. You can hear something inside rubbing, so he doesn't roll far.

Still, considering my son has given up on all of his other Transformers because they are too complicated to transform, this is better for him, though older kids likely wouldn't be so thrilled.

Also, the sling functionality is a nice addition (my son was excited about it), but it's really hard to pull the switch to fire. My son couldn't do it without help."
Birthday Disappointment My son used his piggy bank money he'd been saving to buy this for his 4th birthday. He had it for 2 days before the rear wheels came off, apparently they're only held in by tiny snaps. We took it back to Toys R Us and exchanged it for a new one, here I am 2 weeks later with another broken wheel. Don't waste your money, this tou is garbage. The wheels come off and can't be fixed and after transforming him a couple times, he sticks and you have to force him back into car form. Now I have a very disappointed 4 year old, who spent his money on trash.
Very dissatisfied. My son who is in love with transformers right now was so excited to have bumble bee but then turned sad because he wouldn't transform easily then it broke! Seems very cheap and is more of a orange color rather than yellow. We had to return it and now I have to search for a new transformer :(
Toy seems poorly made. One tire immediately fell off. After opening the package. Asked for a replacement... Only for the same tire to keep falling off. I now realize its some sort of defect. Didn't bother asking for a second replacement. Wouldn't purchase again if I knew what I know now.
"KIds Will have a Ball with This Transformer, The Transformers Age of Extinction Mega 1-Step Bumblebee Figure will provide hours of fun for most young boys. The first comment my nephew had was, ""Why is Bumblebee orange?"" Well he was curious but before I could explain he had forgotten about the color and was fully engaged in transforming the figure from a robot into the Bumblebee Camero.

I am not really up to date on Bumblebee but apparently all the kids know it is supposed to be yellow. It is not. This one is orange. But that did not seem to deter my nephew from transforming back and forth for a few hours.

The transformer is a one-step process. But it does require a bit of focus to make sure the parts are properly aligned. My nephew tried to perform the transformation in a hurry and he ran into trouble. When he slowed down and took his time, he had no problem.

Most of the parts are heavy duty and well made. Some seem a little delicate, but after playing with it for a couple of weeks, it is still in one piece, so it is apparently better built than I was thinking.

Transformers have been around for quite a while and this one seems to be making a hit among the young boys. My nephew was quite excited to get it and thinks it is very cool. He seems to enjoy playing with it in both modes. He did not complain about any issues, so everything seems to be working fine. I think he will get lots of enjoyment from this toy. "
Good For The Younger And Older Transformer Kid! Good Memories Are Easily Made., Good For The Younger And Older Transformer Kid! Good Memories Are Easily Made.,
"Not that easy a ""one step"" as it says, Three stars may seem a little mean, but let me qualify my rating.
It's an improvement over some of the smaller models in so far it doesn't take an engineering degree to make them ""transform"" but I don't regard it as ""one step""
As impressive as it is as bumblebee at just over 10 inches high, and it even stands pretty stable for role play with the wheel firing right arm, it still has enough flimsy plastic to make you nervous when you convert from figure to car.
I found myself pushing and pulling very gingerly expecting a loud ""snap"" at any moment, as if some of the parts just weren't lining up.
Finally I turned it into a car, but it did not clip lock or stay in that position. I could get the halves to stay together but the hood and windshield would not stay down.
It looks cool, it's not all bad, I just wish they has put some stronger parts in there, as if you look at the recommended age for this product, a 5yr+ won't have the dexterity or patience to do it easily. For that and the hefty price tag I only gave it 3 stars.
"
HUGE disappointment! Bumblebee is supposed to be yellow, this thing is dark orange. It's also cheap looking.
Orange Bumblebee, I was rather disappointed in the transformer. Bumble Bee is supposed to be yellow--not orange. My grandson was "transforming" into car, and a tire fell off. For what I paid for this toy, I was disappointed asI have purchased other transformers. Their construction was much better.
All Around toy is nice, the only complaint i have is it was supposed to be yellow and black, the one i got is orange and black..All though it shows the toy to be yellow on the box too. Never seen a orange bumblebee until today..All Around toy is nice, the only complaint i have is it was ...
"Hard to transform, wheel falls off This was ""the gift"" that my 5 year old son wanted from Santa this year. He had been eyeing it in the store and asking for it for several months. Imagine the disappointment in our house when we opened gifts and found out this thing us a piece of junk. It is nearly impossible to transform into a car. The claims that it is one step are a joke. The arms have to be twisted just right, then you have to fold one side at a time because you have to push really hard ( so hard it feels like its going to break), then you have to fiddle with it cross your fingers and push really hard some more to get the back of the car to snap together. Then let go, and it pops apart again. I had to put a rubber band around the back end of the car to try and keep it together. Maybe we got a lemon? I don't know, but my son can't transform it and it is really hard and frustrating for me to do it.

Update: I originally gave this one star, but after watching a couple of YouTube videos we finally figured out how to transform the thing back to a car right. The trick seems to be to get his arms in the right position, then fold it hard and fast. If you go slow and careful it doesn't work right. My son was so happy when he was able to make the car himself I would have given it four stars. But then he started pushing the car around and right away one of the back wheels fell off. We had to rig it with a little tape around the axle to get it to stay on."
"Cool Bumblebee Figure! I should explain! I'm several decades past the suggested 5+ age suggestion on the package, but I LOVE the movies & TV stuff and I collect things like The Walking Dead and Planet of The Apes collectibles and I also like the Transformers as well, so I got this (Looks Fantastic next to my Optimus Prime figure!).

I know I'm not the only Knucklehead out here that collects things of this nature, there's a lot of us out here.

Now about the figure, it's built much better than some others have commented, it ""Transforms"" nicely into the Bumblebee Sports car and the plastic isn't as flimsy as I expected. I'm not going to be ""playing"" with it, so it's well built enough to gather dust in the corner of the room, along with Optimus Prime and the Tranformers Blu-Ray discs.

It looks pretty cool, just remember to keep the packaging, all of you collector types"
"boosts self confidence and encourages imaginative play, This is a very fun toy that can entertain for hours. Expect your little one to want to carry this everywhere and bring it to show and tell.

Bumblebee is more orange than yellow, so the Amazon picture shown is correct. Opening bumblebee is incredibly easy and works 100%.

Turning bumblebee into a car is a bit more difficult for the hand with the disc holder. Due to that, very young children may get frustrated, break the toy, or ask for adult assistance. Most children over three should be able to learn to close bumblebee by placing the arms in the exact right place. Considering this, you're child will learn precision, be proud of their abilities, and probably become intrigued on how this works. For this reason I give this toy five stars.

It's educational, simple, and can encourage imaginative play while boosting self confidence."
"Simplicity takes away magic and play value, Like many, I've been a Transformers fan all my life, and my kids are the same. This Bumblebee features a ""one-step flip"" design where it transforms from robot to car via raising and flipping the right leg. Going the other way is also easy, although the two tabs that release the locking mechanism is poorly constructed and often require extra effort.

What the simplicity in the design takes away is the whole magical experience of hiding away all those body parts in order to transform, the very essence of Transformers. Also, this new design makes the two legs complete useless in robot mode, and you can't even turn or bend them. Bumblebee's head looks unusually small due to the new placement. In the end, there just isn't too much replay value, especially in the robot mode, despite the presence of a largely gimmicky disc-shooting hand."
"Super cool, San Francisco Giants mascot! Oh, golly. If you're even thinking about getting this guy, don't hesitate - just buy one! He is so awesome! The boys, all ages too including up to the teenagers, just really think he's super cool and quite frankly, I think he's cute. The transformation isn't too hard - takes a couple of tries the first time around but after that, he slips in and out quite rapidly. His eyes even look like a bumblebee! He's very durable, and I do think he's worth the $30 that amazon is charging for him. He's just cute!

The one thing though - he's orange and not the yellow you're used to with Bumblebee. Seriously, if you're into baseball, he's the colors of the San Francisco Giants MLB team. Totally looks like their mascot, he's that orange. I like it better than the yellow myself and the boys certainly thought he was cool. So, for us, that wasn't an issue but a plus.

Recommended for ages 5 and up but believe me, they'll all go for this guy. HIGHLY recommend!"
Ease Of Use Makes It Fun! My 10 year old son LOVES Transformer toys for their complication. Years ago, I purchased him the Bumblebee that transforms, but took a while to figure out. I expected him to ask me for assistance, but he figured it out himself and was excited about his achievement, and the toy, itself. He still has that Bumblebee and loves it. Fast forward to the 1 Step Transformer. It literally took him 10 seconds to transform the toy from the robot to the Autobot. He likes it not because it's easy, but because it's very different than his complicated one. He mainly keeps these toys as models now, and has added this one to his collection right next to his first Bumblebee. This one is transformed as the car, while the other, the robot. I'm glad a new Transformer could still make him smile!
"A little bit different than pictured and a little more than just one step to transform,  Based on just the picture, I honestly thought that it would be bigger than it really is. It also seems more orange than yellow in terms of color. My daughter did enjoy this and we had fun with it too.

It took actually a little bit of figuring out before we got it to transform into a car. It seems a little bit more than just one step transforming to me. I have played with other transformers when I was younger and remember it being easier to move than this one. It's fun if you're just playing with it as an action figure but the transforming was a little bit difficult. The arms seem to have to be in a certain way to get it.

Overall, it's a fun toy for kids. Just know that there's a slight learning curve for the transforming... or maybe we're just getting old!"
Bumblebee transformer age of extinction, Bumblebee transformer age of extinction. Well, ours is orange, noticed right away by my 7 yr old. "Bumblebee is yellow, this can't be bumblebee". I showed him once how to place the arms just right to fit as it transforms into a car. He never had any trouble switching back and forth. It sure is a lot less frustrating than the other large transformers. We never could get the others back once transformed. And we spent hours trying. This is so much more play oriented. He really likes the car, it is really cool looking. It snaps into place and stays a car as he plays. As the robot, He also loves the shooting disk. He wants one for the other arm too. It only comes with one disk. I think it's pretty expensive for what it is, but at least he can play with it, and he loves it.
Hours of fun, Hours of fun, 
Yeah, a transformer my son can transform without getting TOO frustrated and upset. This is a larger transformer than his previous ones, but he loves it and it transforms pretty easily if you do it right. He had trouble a couple of times, but once he tried it a few more times he got the hang out of how to position everything to get it to change to the car from transformer. It is a fairly cool transformer and of course Bumble Bee is a favorite, though this Bumble bee is a little bigger and a little off in color. It is well made though which I can't say about the Dark of the Moon transformers that were so poorly made they are all in pieces in a box in my son's room.
It's Okay, My 4 yr old son likes it well enough but it is kind of cheap plastic and right away one of his wheels came off. Then maybe a few weeks later the other wheel came off. It is difficult to transform him into a car like other reviewers said. However this was purchased with a gift card from Amazon so it's what we went with. The reason we did so was because my son had found a used Optimus Prime at the thrift store for $2.99. OP doesn't transform into a car however he is much more fun than Bumblebee because he makes noise and lights up and is more sturdy all around. Granted I wasn't the original purchaser of the OP toy but it seems to be more quality than Bumblebee.
3.0 out of 5 stars Nice size but can be difficult for child to turn into car - Not True 1-Step My 5 year old son and I actually had a hard time turning this into a car. The arms have to be just right or things will not snap into place. However, the car does "flip" from car to robot very easily. When my son so bumblebee he was very excited. It is one of his favorite of Transformer Robots. The toy itself is very stable and feels like it will last through his rough house play (he likes to crash the cars). Overall we are very happy with the size and the toy but I would not say it is a true 1-Step transformer.
What a hunk of junk  This is a cheap, horrible toy. Not only is it nearly impossible for a small child (and some adults) to change from transformer into the car again, but it is made with clearly inferior plastic. Even once this is put back into the car shape, the moving parts all flop around because they do not clip together. My son had such a hard, frustrating time transforming Bumblebee that he didn't play with it after the first day. There are other Transformer toys out there that are all around better than this. Buyer beware. If it hadn't been a gift, we would absolutely have returned this hunk of junk.
Bumblebee is here are ready to rock and roll, I've recently received several Transformer figures that essentially did not transform, so I am thrilled that this one does and in a spectacular way. It transforms essentially in one step which is great for the younger fan that this is geared to. Bumblebee is a good representation of the character from the movies. Bumblebee is either an autobot or a slick Camaro. In either guise, he looks pretty darn good. He has a disc launcher in one hand. It does launch but not with any velocity.
Last year my grandson was 6 and his cousins were 5 and 7. It was all about the Transformer and Optimus Prime was the most requested gift item. This year they are not so interested in the robots figures but they love cars. The Cub Scouts made match box cars and this toy has competed against it in it's car form. They have all their transformer type toys in car form and are having demolition type derbies with them. So far, everything is holding together in one piece. As long as they are playing nicely, the toy is worth the price.
Seamless Transformation, Limited Possibilities for Creative Play This transformer toy is an improvement on prior versions, insofar as the transformation between robot and car is much faster and smoother. (My nine-year-old was able to figure it out in minutes.) When in car form, the toy functions surprisingly well, rolling as smoothly as a regular toy car. The problem with these kinds of toys, however, is that they don't facilitate creative play as well as toys such as Legos that allow the kids to build and rebuild them.
Bought this for my nephew for Christmas. He has … Bought this for my nephew for Christmas. He has another one that takes a lot of steps and is hard to put back to a car. Bumble Bee transforms from car to bot in literally 2 seconds. Going back to car is a little tougher; however, as long as you make sure the arms are lined up properly it goes back to car in seconds. This is the easiest out of all of these transformers to transform. All the adults were playing with this as well, it was a big success!
"Poorly made . . . While this is significantly better than the Flip and Transform version, it is still cheaply made garbage.

First, if the arms are not properly aligned, it will never close. Second, my son has had it 24 hours now, and I've had to fix the springs twice. In fact, I just noticed a dangerously sharp spring sticking up from one of the legs. Fortunately I was able to push it back in, but in the hands of a 5 year old that could have been scary."
"Seems right balance between too easy and too hard for 6-yr-old My nephew really likes this Transfermer. He's 6 and this one seems to fall nicely into the balance between two easy to switch and too complicated. The arms have to be just right, but he manages that fine and he likes it both when it's a car and when it's standing up.

I haven't paid much attention to his other ones (he's got a few but I don't know which) but this one seems sturdy and as though it'll hold up."
I'm starting to guess the piece I received is defective. After several attempts, my son came to me for help. I tried all possible way to transform this piece without success. I looked at videos on youtube, instructions from different websites, no luck at all. I read several of the positive reviews, and I am baffled by those. I believe you guy this toy at your own risk, my son is totally frustrated with the toy.
"Bummer My 3 year old REALLY wanted this for Christmas. He was thrilled when he got it. But there are two issues with this toy. First, the back wheels keep coming off. Seriously? So annoying. I am just waiting for the day when they are permanently lost.

Second. Not so easy to transform. Honestly I can barely do it, which leads to my kid asking his dad to transform it back and forth 20 times a day."
 Awesome transformer for a 5 year old, After trying 2 other Bumblebees and being disappointed with their level of difficulty to transform, we ordered this one. It works as advertised, 5 yr old has zero problems transforming in seconds back and forth. Couple hundred transformations and some floor drops, he's holding up strong. Awesome product and how a transformer for this age should be. Not as detailed as the others, but that's okay.
Great figure for the younger fan. Good place to start., Pretty cool figure. It is for younger kids that dont quite get the transformation sequence necessary to change the robot into a car. I have a few of the original figures and it isnt as easy as it looks. It is one, two and three and the transformation is complete. This figure is sturdy, well detailed and just all around neat. It would be a great addition to any child's transformer collection.
Easy to transform! My 7 year old and 9 year old really enjoy playing with this Bumblebee. I usually find Transformers difficult to transform and many of them come with small parts, however, this one was perfect. It is easy to change into a car and there are no small parts. My boys have a little trouble folding the arms the right way, but overall it's pretty simple. Would definitely recommend.
GREAT TOY & Easy to transform I purchased this toy for my 3.5 year old nephews. They just love it! They can't seem to stop playing with it, they love to transform it back and forth from car to robot because it's easy to transform. They also love it because is much bigger than the many other Transformer toys. It seems to be made well as they haven't broken it yet...Great toy! Highly recommend.
"From a child of the 80s, when Transformers were originally conceived/launched... I was very interested in exposing my child to the Transformer universe.

This product looks amazing. The build-quality is high, and won't break without significant drops and stomps (hey, kids will be kids).

My little boy loves the toy, and it is priced right."
When my grandson received this for Christmas HE was very excited. He had extreme difficulty putting it back into the car. One of the arms came off and we had to unscrew a part to put it back together. For this amount of money, I expected BETTER. Very disappointed!
It is easy too transform and would be a cool toy if ...,This is junk. Within one hour of getting out of the box, one of the back wheels fell off and would not reattach. It was exchanged for a new one and the same thing happened. It is easy too transform and would be a cool toy if it wasn't so poorly built.
My 4 year old son loves it. It's easy to change him into a car. I showed my son how to do it once & he got it. The quality of the toy is great. I looked at reviews for other Bumble bee toys & I can see why this has the best reviews.
The kids - and adults - really like this toy, but beware that it is a little finnicky about the way it is folded up and feels less than solid when folded. It's not real delicate, but it's not real sturdy either.
Absolute piece of junk plastic. Could hardly get it to transform. One wheel was off when it arrived and it never stayed on. Am requesting and already received confirmation to return for full refund.
"1st star for fast delivery
2nd star for durability
3rd star for price considering product - Not given due to the flimsiness
4th star for customer service
5th star for ease of use"
